%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1334720947" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++OSG Blueprint and Technology Meeting Agenda

*Fermilab* <br/>
*April 18-19th, 2012* <br/>
*Wilson Hall*  <br/>
*April 18th 9-5pm - Hornet's Nest (!WH8XO)* <br/>
*April 19th 9-12pm - One East (!WH1E)* <br/>
*April 19th 12-5pm - Woodshed (!WH7W)* <br/>

*Contact: John Hover Cell: 631-682-1803* <br/>
*Contact: Jemise Lockhart Tel: 630-840-3690* <br/>


---+++ Blueprint topics.

Topics below are marked with either (N) for "new topic" or (O) for "old topic".

We have attempted to sort the topics in priority order, and plan to tackle them top-to-bottom.

   * (N) VO application software install service proposal.

   * (O) Presentation of the Information Services work from the last 3 months.

   * (O) Current status of federated identity plans/directions for OSG. 
      * This includes current discussions of collaboration with European grid. 
      * Needs to wait until Lothar and Von are available (3PM Wednesday or later).

   * (N) Kick-off discussion of plans for next-gen gatekeeper technology.
      * This needs to include Alain and Lothar.  Thursday morning?

   * (N) Status of OSG plans to provide network-level monitoring across our resources. 

---+++ OSG Technology
   * Quarterly update of the Blueprint Document 1 week before the Blueprint meeting.
      * Blueprint reviewed, and no major updates.
      * Need some help from Dan (maybe Derek) on the campus grid session to incorporate BOSCO.
      * Proposal: New sub-section on requirements for grid implementations?

   * Determine priorities for next round of TIs ([[TIDrawingBoard][brainstorming area]])



-- Main.JohnHover - 03 Apr 2012

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OASIS_requirements.docx" attachment="OASIS_requirements.docx" attr="" comment="" date="1334720947" path="OASIS requirements.docx" size="86341" stream="OASIS requirements.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp15130" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
