{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 OSG Campus Grid paper -- Outreach and engagement\
\
Without CIO-level support, a campus grid project is not likely to gain any traction.  Support from the CIO is important for making resources and personnel available to the project.  In some cases, for example Purdue and Clemson, it his the CIO who drives the creation of the campus grid.  However, some institutions may find the CIO indifferent or even opposed to the idea of creating a campus grid.  The convincing argument will depend on the specific objections of the CIO, but it is worth discussing some of the more compelling arguments here: namely that a campus grid can be set up to take advantage of existing underutilized resources.  In 2009, Purdue provided 17 million hours of compute time on it's DiaGrid -- 17% of the total HPC hours that year.  For a campus without a traditional cluster, the case is even stronger, as scientists can spend more time analyzing data instead of waiting for computations to finish.\
\
It is in fact the research scientist who is the ultimate driver of a successful campus grid.  The best technical setup in the world is of little use if there is no work being done on it.  As a result, reaching out to researchers is a critical part of establishing a campus grid.  Other researchers who have their own success stories with a campus grid can be the best advocates, not only to their peers, but also to the CIO.  Indeed, a clamor from the research faculty may be the compelling argument that gets the CIO support when all other approaches have failed.\
\
By approaching the researchers with real-world cases showing how a campus grid can help meet the research and instructional missions of an institution, the necessary support can be achieved.  However, the outreach to and engagement of researchers does not end when the campus grid is declared operational.  In order to provide ongoing success, the researchers must continue to be involved.  This means modifying the setup to provide the necessary environment, as well as providing support for understanding how to best make use of the grid.  The end result should be that researchers can focus on their area of interest, and not have to worry about maintaining their research computing environment. }