%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985970" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group Weekly Forum | Month Date, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time.
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111.

*%RED%Please Note: Meeting minutes are not complete yet.%ENDCOLOR%*

---+++ Attending

<!--HIDDENSTART
%RED%Please Note: Meeting minutes are not complete yet.%ENDCOLOR%

Philippe Canal (OSG Accounting), Steve Clark (nanoHUB), Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage), Preston Smith (Purdue site), Joel Snow (D0), Britta Daudert (OSG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group/LIGO), Abhishek Singh Rana (OSG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications) 

HIDDENEND-->

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoGroup.UserGroupMeeting20080904][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ SBGrid (Ian S-R and Ian L)

---++ D0 with OSG Storage (Tanya Levshina)

---++ nanoHUB (Steve Clark) with OSG Accounting (Philippe Canal)

---++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Security and Policy (Doug Olson)

---++ MPI coordination for OSG Engagement (Mats Rynge)

---++ Review of weekly status of VOs' utilization of OSG Facility 

---++ Inactive VOs
 
---++ OSG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo usage 

---++ Pending Action Items
 
---++ Any Other Business 

-- Main.AbhishekSinghRana - 11 Sep 2008