%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1219698869" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/05/29
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/05/29 at <strong>13:30 Chicago time</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech)
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC)
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL)
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]] 
   * [[Main.GregThain][Greg Thain]] (Engage/UW)

   
---++ Agenda

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO Security Contact security training.
      * In progress. 
   * [AR] How do we get priorities and schedules for VO middleware requests?
      * Abhishek to start a thread next week.
   * [MR]: to send Ruth an email listing target potential future users.
   * [MP]: 
      * CG has run the dates and tenative agenda by EB one more time before putting out on the usual lists (done).
      * No feedback so far, need to establish the attendance
   * [AR]: make sure contact is maintained with !SBGrid and !CompBioGrid.
      * %GREEN%Ongoing.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [MP]: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability.
      * %GREEN%.work is currently in progress to create a better user interface %ENDCOLOR%
   * [MP]: complete MPI enhancements and ensure completion of glexec capability.
      * Proxy lifetime issues with glexec capability - since last time coding work done by Jose Caballero, testing in progress.
      * Working on EGEE contacts to start pilot tests there - there has been a considerable mail exchange with EGEE; focus is now on creating a glexec configuration on select EGEE sites that can allow us to do meaningful testing in absence of a reliable LCMAPS-ish backend.
      * Maxim to contact Shreyas and NERSC about including them - done, Shreyas has authorized accounts, will test shortly.
      * CMS interested in one or two applications (eg !RooFit) that are parallel-capable -not done, need to revisit.
   * [MR]: Continue contacts with Gabriele on !ReSS use and matchmaking.
      * Email correspondence ongoing.
      * %GREEN%Gave a presentation about ReSS and the matchmaker at Condor Week%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment.
   * [CG]: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access.
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to ping once more.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item--no response%ENDCOLOR%
   *[AR]: receive and act on Doug's reporting as appropriate.
      * %GREEN%Ongoing. Need to ping -- no report in a while.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AR]: firm-up contacts with NCSA and Doru.
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to pick this up.%ENDCOLOR%
       * %GREEN%Ongoing%ENDCOLOR%
   * [MR]: send email to Chris and Abhishek listing problems and suggested mitigation measures with current NERSC and NCSA access methods and accounting practices.
      * %GREEN%Data is still being collected%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: watch MPI advertising / EGEE thread.
      * %GREEN%Thread currently moribund.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Partly resolved%ENDCOLOR%
      * %Abhishek to look at e-mail thread and send update to Anand and get involvement fro USERS%
   * [AR]: email links to related web pages to osg-users as well as forward list archive info to Britta.%BR%
   * <strike>[BD]: talk with Rob G. re validation</strike>
   * [AR], [BD]: ITB testing -- update validation pages as needed.
      * %GREEN%In progress%ENDCOLOR%
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET.
   * [CG]: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to pick this up.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AR] invite SBGrid

---+++ Face to face at BNL.


*Engagement discussion*:  1.5 hours first thing Tuesday AM.

%GREEN%Maxim will chair, Matts and Abhishek will present%ENDCOLOR%

%GREEN%Maxim will contact Matts and Greg to get detailed information about their involvement in the discussion%ENDCOLOR%

*Interoperability*
   * Burt can help discussions but can't necessarily come. - doesn't see much interest in from users not already involved.

---++++ Action items

[MP] will get talking points from Burt and think about this further.


---+++ ITB VO Validation


---++++ Action items

---+++ Storage


---++++ Action items

---+++ Specific VOs

---++++ OSG VO 

---+++++ Action items.


---+++ Engage

*Engagement Applications Status:*  Greg's working on 3 apps:

*FEFF* (material science):
   * having trouble becoming grid-enabled;
   * Engage is doing much of the work; they're willing to help a bit, but don't have necessary skills.
   * We're modifying MPI to a master worker framework.
   * Greg will talk to Miron and John to determine feasibility of enabling this app.
   * Need someone with Fortran experience.
   * What is the metric where we "say no" to applications coming to the table?

*UW Synergy group* (Engineering)
   * having some of the same issues as those above.
   * MCMT (Synergy): just started; not clear whether MPI needed yet.

*UW Independent researcher* Jenny Reid (also Engineering):
   * running locally; hoping to run on OSG w/i 1 month; doesn't need MPI.

*Others:*
   * PNNL: lost interest
   * ICECUBE: "need for more resources didn't overcome reluctance to make them grid-aware."  Now running on GLOW (jobs not submitted to gatekeeper, thus not counted as OSG).

*Problem with researchers "losing interest"*
   * Mats has seen as well, even when we've made it very easy.  People are getting resources elsewhere.
   * Chris sees same thing in osg VO.


---++++ Action items.

[MR] to bring up loss of interest at Users Meeting.


---+++ OSGEDU 

---++++ Action items.

---+++ General VO Usage

 

---++++ NERSC & NCSA

%GREEN%NCSA has been contacted about MPI resources%ENDCOLOR%

 %GREEN%Purdue issue needs to be resolved before any further action toward MPI usage encouragement is undertaken.%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ Action items.


---+++ Any other business


---++++ Action items
-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 19 May 2008%BR%


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008
