%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445887" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/01/03
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/01/03 at <strong>noon CDT</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).

<!--

---+++ Apologies

   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).

-->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Round-up.

   $ Abhishek: OSG 1.0 requirements collected and collated: will be following up with OSG Executive and VDT teams. Thinking about upcoming survey (or functional equivalent); don't *think* we need any Gratia accounting info for upcoming DC trip but probably worth checking.
      * Chris: I will check with Chander and/or Ruth.

   $ Britta: Nothing specifically for user support. For LIGO, waiting for condor client upgrade to support glideins, waiting for various site to upgrade to support WS-GRAM jobs.

   $ Maxim: MPI. Last contact with CHARMM was 12/18. Interested in finalizing MPI parameter advertisement; will be following up with Preston at Purdue.

   $ Mats: Couple of new users through Engagement; also working on MPI capability advertisement, more interest in MPI from new users.%BR%Had a question regarding credentials for live demos as part of an upcoming grid school: policy, solutions?
      * Chris: service credentials may work, but talk to OSGEDU as they may already have this in hand.

   $ Chris: Added selection list facility to osg-vo-tests to allow easy conveyance to GOC of ticket-able items. Also added facility to abort overlong non-batch tests (eg globus-url-copy can hang, and has no timeout command-line option). Will be trying to complete OSG VO documents and increase OSG VO support and use over the next couple of months.

---+++ Upcoming items and strategy.

   * Consensus is for a separate face-to-face meeting at BNL. Mentioned that ET is looking for proposed dates for approval, "real soon now." Maxim to push on this at BNL and get something proposed soon.

   * All-hands is at RENCI, 2008/03/03 - 2008/03/07.

   * Mention of biology items on all-hands agenda: definite need to work on that starting now. Workshop format? Would be !CompBioGrid (Ion), CHARRM, possibly one or two others. Chris suggested contacting Mike Wilde for more leads.

   * During the [[UserSupportMeeting20071213][discussion with Ruth]] before the holiday, the idea of a workshop was raised. If certain groups of people (eg sites, Condor) are to be represented this will probably have to be at the all-hands meeting in March. Need to work on this starting now.

   * Format for future meetings and plan to increase relevance to users.
      * VO spotlight was useful: revive. Abhishek !CompBioGrid, and soon: Abhishek to contact and coordinate. Chris to (really) renew contact with !IceCube. Other VOs?
      * Mats: since the sites face-to-face was only 6 months since the last one, was there any feeling that this was better than every 12 months and why?
         * Chris: sites are more tuned to OSG releases so will always have the last or the next one (or both) to discuss; less so for users. I would hesitate to move to every 6 months until we were sure of engaging enough users to make it worthwhile. Also want to show significant progress on hot-button issues to avoid the impression that the exercise is pointless.
      * Abhishek: solicit needs via survey; more hands-on approach?
         * Chris: directed questions rather than open-ended ones: would you appreciate guidance / help on ... !Ress? WMS systems choice / configuration / operation?

---+++ Any other business

   * Abhishek asked Chris to discuss the responsibility for the VO pages with Anne, with a view towards leaving maintenance with Docs/Comm group.
      * Chris: will do.

   * Next meeting to be in two weeks.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 04 Jan 2008%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008
