%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1219701760" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/06/07

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/06/07 at 11am CDT.<br>
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube).
<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; -->

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]] .
<!--[[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; Steve Clark. -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from last week.

   * Sessions have been put into Indico; still need to put in agenda and contact prospective speakers.
   * Preliminary booking with Chez Leon for Thursday July 26.
   * Some research into !ReSS / BDII: more to be done.
   * Abhishek signed up on Indico.
   * Chris added Abhishek as an owner on the site.
   * Chris found out that WS GRAM does not suffer from the status propagation problem; it also has a global !JobID that is passed down the chain. Do not know whether !CondorG can deal with this yet though.
   * Chris ascertained that =glexec= is in VDT 1.7.0. Condor 6.8.5 for OSG 0.8.0, probably; certainly not the 6.9 stream, but that is only necessary for the glidein pilot generator. WS is planned to to be fully operational in 6.8.0.

---++++ Action

   * Chris still needs to close the loop with Doug, Leesa and Preston S. regarding MPI.
   * Chris still to do more research into BDII/LDAP/!ReSS.
   * Chris still to start email discussion of people to contact
   * All still to take ownership of several names and contact them about attendance at and contribution to the July meeting.
   * Chris still to follow up with Frank to see if this applies to his problem also.
   * Abhishek still to follow up with ATLAS.

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

None.

---+++ !IceCube

---++++ Overview and discussion

   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez working at Madison; approached by Ruth and Miron to get applications on OSG.
   * Currently using GLOW.
   * Some Swedish collaborators using !SweGrid (sp?).
   * C++ modular framework.
   * Two main applications:
      * Analysis: fairly straightforward; uses ROOT;
      * Simulation: uses 14GB propagation tables, read in 1GB chunks over the life of a ~6hr job; optimally would have >1GB RAM available; but >2GB not necessary.
   * Output data retrieval currently done with condor file transfer, but looking into gridFTP servers.
   * VO management issues? Throw !IceCube people into an existing VO (eg osg), a new group of an existing VO (eg Engage/!IceCube) or a new VO (server hosted by whom? FNAL?). Question to discuss and resolve.
   * Submission / software stack issues? Does anything need to be installed on existing submit nodes? Alternative (eg GLOW login to submit)?
   * How to handle the 14GB file? How to find out storage options on a given site? How to find out if proxy running, etc?
   * Juan Carlos away next week, but should be available by email.

---++++ Action

   * Chris to discuss VO issues with interested parties: Ruth, Miron?
   * JC to talk to local experts about submission issues.
   * Chris to research proxy and file transfer issues.

---+++ Other current issues

None.

---+++ AOB.

None.


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 06 Jun 2007
