%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1218752153" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/08/14
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

*13:30 Chicago time*.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]] (Fermilab-VO). 
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement). 
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Group). 
   * %BLUE%[[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]]%ENDCOLOR% (FNAL) 

---++ Agenda

---+++ Report presented in today's Area Coordinator Meeting
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/pub/Management/20080814ETAgendaMinutes/UserGroup_Aug14_2008.ppt][Report; activities since June 5]]. 

---+++ Plans for Y3 (restructuring, goals, activities)
   * Attempts to improve 'efficiency of utilization' of OSG Facility. 
   * Compiling of scientific publications. 
   * Stakeholder participation in OSG software engineering lifecycle. 
   * Stakeholder communication with all OSG technology areas. 
   * Support for newly engaged VOs. 
   * Work with Storage team to evolve and strengthen Data-Grid capabilities of OSG 

---+++ Proposed teleconference and meeting scope/frequency for Y3
   * Weekly telephone meeting, often inviting a select stakeholder for focused discussion on ongoing operational tasks.. 
   * Monthly telephone meeting, inviting representatives of all 'at large stakeholders, for open _virtual round-table_ discussions. 
   * Annual face-to-face meeting, inviting representatives of all 'at large' stakeholders and key OSG staff, for extensive exchange of operational, organizational, and scientific experiences. 

---+++ Ongoing work with D0 (and Storage team)
   * Focus is on trying to improve efficiency of D0 on OSG Facility. 
   * Joel Snow is on travel this week. 
   * Ongoing D0 analysis: 
      * http://www-d0.fnal.gov/~snow/jobscan/effs.html
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot2days.html
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot4days.html
   * Recommendation for USCMS sites: http://datagrid.ucsd.edu/opportunistic 

---+++ Ongoing work with Security team on grid3-locations.txt
   * Input provided; Mine and Suchandra are in charge of the activity now. 

---+++ New focus on efficiency of utilization of OSG Facility
   * Gratia email reports. 
   * Metrics plots. 

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items

   * [MR, MP] MPI, NERSC & NCSA 
      * %GREEN% Work ongoing%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [MP]: PANDA configuration, use and availability. 
      * <font color="#0000cd" class="WYSIWYG_COLOR">%GREEN%VO information in Panda: VORS/GIP aggregation to be fed into Panda DBs%ENDCOLOR%</font> 
      * %GREEN%new user-level monitoring -- work resumed%ENDCOLOR% 

---++++ Action items from last telecon

%BLUE%OSG blueprint%ENDCOLOR%

Ahishek and Mats write summary report for Mon/Tue/Wed in meetings page 07/31

Britta to get in contact with Shaowen to get list of 'contac-less' VO's

Dick to send VO report to Britta/Abhishek

%BLUE%USER GROUP message board%ENDCOLOR%

Kyle needs to install it in correct place but test version is running

%BLUE%Redirecting Wiki page%ENDCOLOR% UserSupport --> UserGroup

Marcia
---+++ VO related issues
   * Invite one VO per month to give summary report, input, ask for assistance ... 

---+++ USERS Message Board/Forum

---+++ OSG Blueprint
   1 Britta to get in contact with VO contacts within 6 weeks 
   1 Cleanup VO list (establish status, are they still a VO, actively running science, remove 'non-active') 
   1 Within two month: list of VOs categorized (active, pending, ceasing operation, .... Categories to be determined by us (A & B)) 

---+++ Any other business

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 07 Aug 2008