%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445888" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/03/13
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/03/13 at <strong>13:30 Chicago time</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.AlinaBejan][Alina Bejan]] (OSGEDU / U. of Chicago).
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).

<!--
   * [[Main.AlinaBejan][Alina Bejan]] (OSGEDU / U. of Chicago).
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL).

-->

---++ Agenda

---++ Status of Pending Action Items
   * [CG] From All Hands meeting - make matrix of VO vs Site from VO tests "hello world" execution.
      * Some thinking to do to minimize work on the result-collection and tabulation side.
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO Security Contact security training.
      * In progress.
   * [AR] How do we get priorities and schedules for VO middleware requests?
      * Ball in Alain's court. Will be talking to Alain and Chander as soon as they are available.

---++ Meetings:

   * All-hands round-up, including Bio workshop.
      * Slides from [[%ATTACHURL%/UsersGroup_Mar13_2008.ppt][Abhishek's talk at the Area Coordinators' meeting]] to be uploaded.
         * %GREEN%DONE%ENDCOLOR%, see [[%ATTACHURL%/UsersGroup_Mar13_2008.ppt][link]].
      * One particular point: Miron mentioned in Bio workshop that in the long run it might be advantageous to have a "biology club" within the OSG user community. What form would this take? Who would own?
         * Maxim -- not much commonality yet between the different groups.
         * Mats -- agree. Biology is a large field, with many differences. 
         * Abhishek -- Job submission flows are quite complicated.
      * Maxim: observations from workshop:
         * PANDA needs some minor work before CHARMM is ready to go.
         * !CompBioGrid engineer very impressive.
      * Chris: elements of commonality in portal approach?
         * Maxim: both !CompBioGrid and !SBGrid well advanced and probably divergent.
      * Mats: some people missing: couple of engagement users and other campus users.
         * Should stay in touch with !CompBioGrid and !SBGrid to keep momentum going and get early intervention on problems.
      * Ruth: email of users to try to target to get onto OSG?
         * Mats: OK.
      * Abhishek (by email after meeting):
         * The following VOs were represented at the All-Hands meeting: ATLAS, CDF, (CIGI/GROW), CMS, CompBioGrid, DOSAR, Engagement, Fermilab-VO, GLOW, GPN, LIGO, nanoHUB, NWICG, NYSGrid, SBGrid.
   * "General" workshop at BNL.
      * No new discussion.
   * Face to face at BNL.
      * Maxim: Last full week of June?
      * Ruth: Clash with HPDC.
      * Maxim: I will re-check and come up with new dates.
      * Ruth: please send to EB soon along with description of suggested format.

---+++ Action items
   * <strike>Chris: upload Abhishek's slides.</strike>
   * Mats: to send Ruth an email listing target potential future users.
   * Maxim: suggested dates and format to EB ASAP.
   * Abhishek, Chris: make sure contact is maintained with !SBGrid and !CompBioGrid.

---++ Specific VOs

---+++ OSG VO 
   * Current and future activities.
      * Some new and prospective users, including economics professor and Bruno G's professor.
   * Working on AUP.
      * Currently sitting with Mine and Ruth for comments.
   * Status of WMS support through BNL.%STARTSECTION{"PANDA"}%
      * PANDA testing and fixes to pilot code for MPI.
      * glexec plug-in also in progress.%ENDSECTION{"PANDA"}%
      * Chris: documentation for a new user? Remote OSG VO users? Externally (automatically) provided site lists / matchmaking facility?
      * Technical questions: Chris and Maxim to follow up.

---++++ Action items.
   * Chris, Mine, Ruth: round of comments on AUP.
   * Chris: registration policy by April 15.
   * Chris and Maxim: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability.
   * Maxim: complete MPI enhancements and ensure completion of glexec capability.

---+++ Engage
   * Any current issues?
      * Mats: organizational and documentation improvements. Mailing lists: engage-team and enage-users. Some communication problems might be solved with a user-user forum. 
   * Mats code cleanup and documentation - any feedback?
      * Mats: matchmaker code now on sourceforge. Work with nanoHUB?
      * Ruth: include Gabriele in discussions?
      * Mats: Gabriele is in on the emails, and in the loop on discussion.

---++++ Action items.
   * Mats: continue work on distributable matchmaker version and communication / integration with nanoHUB.
   * Mats: Continue contacts with Gabriele on !ReSS use and matchmaking.

---+++ OSGEDU 
   * What sites should it be authorized at and what sites is it authorized at?
      * See http://user-support.opensciencegrid.org/site_tests/osgedu/latest/ for currently advertised / authorized sites.
      * Ruth: nervous about sites not having, "informed consent." -- need opportunity to back out? Should have limited support for OSGEDU. Draw attention to AUP, registration policies?
         * Alina: only really need three sites or so for now.
         * Chris: opt-in or opt-out?
         * Ruth: don't really want to be (eg) messing with global VO package just for this.
         * Chris: personal email from Alina to each site admin or via GOC tickets to avoid having to compile lists of sysAdmins?
   * plan for weekly metrics email.
      * Chris: agreement in principle from Rob Q., just waiting for action.
   * plans for use.
      * Alina: Training purposes -- more people registered due to online self-teaching course availability.
   * Status of AUP and Registration Policy.
      * Alina: Current policies OK, no need to update?
      * Mine: AUP OK, I haven't seen the registration policy.
      * Alina: can pass around the policy for comment.
      * Mine: discussion tomorrow on template AUP and RP, contacts with VOs to follow.

---++++ Action items.
   * Alina: decide how to approach sites and contact to obtain informed consent to OSGEDU use.
   * Alina: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment.
   * Chris: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access.

---+++ General VO Usage
   * OSG allocation at NERSC - status and plans.
      * Process -- Doug to give us usage on NERSC (already happened).
      * Mats: issues -- overhead. Not scalable. Interactive logins, user "shortcut."
   * Acting as an agent for the NCSA resources.
      * NCSA too -- Doru. Contacts with Abhishek.
   * Backfilling available cycles due to ATLAS turn down -- who could fill the gap and how do we support them to?
      * MWT2 sites don't support non-ATLAS.
      * Mats: my users are very sporadic. This is smoothing out as we get more users. Matchmaking has certainly helped. OSG VO pokes to increase site lists?
   * Status of CHARMM. From above: %INCLUDE{ "%INCLUDINGTOPIC%" section="PANDA" }%
   * Are there tests for MPI sites available?
      * Not yet.
 
---++++ Action items.
   * Chris and Abhishek: receive and act on Doug's reporting as appropriate.
   * Chris and Abhishek: firm-up contacts with NCSA and Doru.
   * Mats: send email to Chris and Abhishek listing problems and suggested mitigation measures with current NERSC and NCSA access methods and accounting practices.

---+++ Any other business

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 13 Mar 2008

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="UsersGroup_Mar13_2008.ppt" attachment="UsersGroup_Mar13_2008.ppt" attr="" comment="Report to Area Coordinators' meeting 2008/03/13" date="1205511958" path="UsersGroup_Mar13_2008.ppt" size="64000" stream="UsersGroup_Mar13_2008.ppt" user="Main.ChrisGreen" version="1"}%
