%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285067" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/10/18

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/10/18 at <strong>noon CDT</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).

<!--
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).

---+++ Apologies

-->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from previous meetings

   * Chris has talked to Fermigrid and nanohub regarding community certs. Fermigrid's basic requirement is to be able to present nanohub with GRAM and other log entries relative to a job or other access attempt and be given a particular user's details. 

---++++ Action

---+++ MPI

---++++ Discussion

   * All: discussed MPI advertising. Ideas have solidified but there is uncertainty over the ability of the GIPs to handle these modern-GLUE-style attributes.

   * Maxim: Unsure whether CHARMM have provided Purdue with a binary for testing yet; will follow up.

---++++ Action

   * Mats: follow up with Gabriele and GIP team to understand GIP limitations.
   * Maxim: follow up with CHARMM regarding tarball for Purdue.

---+++ VO validation of ITB 0.7

---++++ Discussion

   * Abhishek: Validation is proceeding well; optimistic about a timely conclusion to testing. ATLAS, CMS and DZERO are now active on validation.

---++++ Action

   * Abhishek: continue to follow up with participating VOs as well as with Sites/Trash/Trash/Integration group.

---+++ AOB

---++++ Discussion

   * Britta: Learning about gridmap files in the context of ITB validation; have some trouble on FIU-PG, still finishing up on other sites. Also learning more about Einstein@Home.
   * Abhishek: on storage, looking into providing operational tools for DCache/SRM in VDT, and enhancing "data grid" capability.

---++++ Action


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 18 Oct 2007