%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985970" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/10/25

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/10/25 at <strong>noon CDT</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).

<!--
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).

---+++ Apologies

-->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from previous meetings

---++++ Action

---+++ MPI

---++++ Discussion

Discussion took place in the context of !ReSS.

---++++ Action

   * Mats &amp; Gabriele: continue liaison over advertising and GUP configuration.

---+++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo validation of ITB 0.7

   * ATLAS, CDF, CMS, DOSAR, Dzero, Engage, Fermilab, nanoHUB and SDSS/DES have now confirmed a completed validation and have given 'green flags' towards OSG 0.8.

   * Of the remaining VOs, validation by !CompBioGrid and STAR is in progress today and more feedback can be expected soon. LIGO workflow was affected by an unknown failure at UC_ITB; Suchandra and Britta may need to investigate further on the failure mode. 

   * An extended report is part of [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MinutesOct25#VO_validation_Abhishek][Integration Meeting]], held later in the day.

   * For more details on status updates, please visit  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ITB_0_7/SiteValidationTable#VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo_validation][ITB VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo validation table]].

---+++ !ReSS status and open questions

   * Validation tests; first round now available in ITB now.
   * Future:
      * cemon upgrade
      * Storage entity
      * Software entity
      * Service entity (WS-GRAM, etc, etc)
      * Other feature requests for OSG 1.0 requested, over the next month or so.
   * Mats: MPI advertising.
      * GIP vs static?
      * Gabriele: tests would be better on OSG 0.8 -- experimental changes of GIP configuration would be easier in GLUE 1.3 environment. We want to provide a set of instructions to provide MPI information on top of a GLUE 1.3 installation. Initial testing on Purdue after OSG 0.8 install.
     
---+++ Gratia status and open questions

   * Chris: production service update forthcoming, major feature being upgrade of reporting engine to BIRT v2.2. GOC to be notified shortly; outage 8-12h starting early Friday evening.
      * Open to suggestions, comments, problem reports, new report requests, etc. etc..
      * Regular monthly agenda item.

---+++ Open Agenda

   * Steve Clark reported that nanohub support appears to have gone in VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS from all the sites they use currently. GOC has a ticket, #4253.
      * Chris: Try obtaining a voms-proxy and submitting a globus-job-run to fermigrid.
      * Steve: Globus error 74.
      * Chris: try fngp-osg?
      * Steve: same.
      * Tom(?): 74 can mean client firewall issues.
      * Steve: will check.
      * Chris: unlikely to be the cause of the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS problem, though.
      * Ticket will proceed.

---+++ AOB

---++++ Report from the blueprint meeting.

   * Chris reported that due to his inexperience with blueprint meetings, it was hard to gauge if any conclusions were made or whether most things were issues that require more cogitation over the next few months. Consensus seemed to be that it was reasonable to aim for MPI use on the OSG in the up-to-16/32 CPU range; much higher than that probably wouldn't have much value for the user because  OSG MPI resources will likely be commodity hardware with fairly high latencies (1Gb/s or at most, 10Gb/s ethernet). Unlikely to be a major injection of effort during year 2 howver; current levels of effort from Maxim and Mats will probably continue going forward. Some discussion of scheduling issues and need for tools for sites. Also discussion of compilation issues, with reference to NMI build-and-test at Wisconsin.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 24 Oct 2007
