%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985970" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/01/17
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/01/17 at *noon CDT*.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL). 
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech). 
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD). 
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL). 
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI). 
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL). 

<!--

---+++ Apologies

   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL).

-->

---++ Agenda

---+++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Security: roles and discussion of GOC spreadsheet and regular meetings

   * One UGCT meeting per month (starting) to be compulsory attendance (with records) from all VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo security contacts. Early meetings will discuss VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo security responsibilities; later meetings to discuss incidents and other issues as appropriate. 

   * Discussion of Roles. %BR%New roles in schema as a result of OIM project: 
      $ Manager: Overall responsibility for VO. 
      $ Security contact: Overall security responsibility: VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo policies, VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo services and software, membership procedures. 
      $ Incident response contact: Should be able to respond in case of an incident -- at least 8x5 availability; need an alternate name also. 
      $ Operational contact: Responsibility: running jobs, service functionality, VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo software. 

   * Question on how "pilot manager" fits into these roles. Specific issues should map to the most appropriate contact in the list above, eg pilot policy question to security contact, pilot operational problem to operational contact. If labeled as, "pilot" sufficiently well, contacts should know where to route the issue. 

   * Roles for Engage VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo confirmed to be John !Trash.ManagementMcGee for manager; and Mats for everything else with John as backup incident response contact. 

---+++ All-hands, face to face and workshop(s)

---++++ "Bio" workshop.

   * No contact with Ion since early December for Biology applications "workshop." Maxim to 'phone Ion. 
   * Looking at a three hour or so discussion on needs, desires for OSG, etc. 
   * Ian Stokes-Reese -- SBGrid want to give a presentation. 
   * Alex from !CalTech -- more details? 
   * Bio workshop will have a couple of presentations and then discussion. Expect maybe up to 20 people. 
   * Contacts to be made over the next couple of days by Maxim. 

---++++ "General" workshop

   * Time is getting tight for all-hands and no obvious place in the schedule (don't want to hijack the Bio workshop since this is important in its own right). Move to BNL. 

---++++ Face to face at BNL

   * Maxim had trouble getting a response from the local side. Can now move forward and expect to have dates for Ruth very soon. 

---++++ All hands

   * Only other session that may involve User Group team is training: Maxim to inquire whether this is so. 

---++++ Action

   * Maxim and Abhishek: follow up on Bio workshop. 
   * Maxim: solidify dates for BNL face to face. 
   * Maxim: get more details on training session and whether we should be involved. 

---+++ CHARMM / MPI update

   * PANDA now has an MPI queue (see monitoring page). Currently looking at scheduling problems at Purdue. Pilot jobs submitted in that queue can be viewed at: http://gridui02.usatlas.bnl.gov:25880/server/pandamon/query?tp=pilots&queue=Purdue-MPI-pbs Action item for Maxim and Preston. 

---+++ Usage reports on OSG, OSGEDU and Engagement VOs

   * See [[%ATTACHURL%/osg-usage-report-example.csv][example]] of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS/Gratia-based period usage report. 
   * Current reporting email uses VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS DB. Neither Engage nor OSGEDU run VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS. Reporting can be altered to use VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS DB instead with the loss of grouping by user -- info will be at the DN level only. 
   * No graphing as yet: discuss with Brian B.? 

---++++ Action

   * Chris: to changing reporting tool to use VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS DB on request and produce per DN as opposed to per-user results. 
   * Chris: discuss graphical reporting options with Brian B. 
   * Chris: implement regular reporting on Engage and OSGEDU before Consortium meeting -- will require liaison with Mats and GOC to get access to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS DB. 

---+++ Any other business

   * Britta and Abhishek looking at LIGO problems seen since ITB 0.7 -- tickets in. 
   * Tickets in for OSG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo authorization and !ReSS publishing at sites. 

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 17 Jan 2008 
%BR% -- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008
