%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445888" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/07/31
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/06/12 at *13:30 Chicago time*.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].
---++ Summary of OSG blueprint meeting
---+++ Monday 07/28
---+++ Tuesday 07/29
---+++ Wednesday 07/30
---+++ Thursday 07/31
---++++ AM
---+++++ Security

-- What should be contained in the AUP (Acceptable User Policy) <br /> -- How to distribute the CA certs to sites individually (new <br /> policy: each site decides which VO's it likes to support, <br /> then a list of accepted CAs will be given )
---+++++ General

-- User Group is going to become part of the executive team <br />-- User Group is going to be more involved in OSG 'welcome package'
---++++ PM
---+++++ Opportunistic Storage

---++++++ D0 example:

-- Admin creates: homedir, token tied to partition (token has amount of storage and life time), communicates tasks to D0 <br />-- Access privileges managed by admin <br /> -- Allowed access:
   * wr to home dir with srmcp 
   * token is not tight to a location (token goes to wrong person, person can use it, ie token not tied to DN) 

--Dissallowed:
   * cannot write outside home dir 

-- Deficiencies:

   * file system issue in pnfs, files should be assigned UID and FQN just like in ordinary file system, tokens are not authenticated 
   * token #'s can be 'close' to each other 
   * scaling issue at stage out level 
   * bandwidth 
   * there are resources other than storage space that are presently not managed (hog I/O) 

<strong><em>________________</em></strong> <br /> -- session vs transaction authentication (transfer 1 file, you still Frank, transfer 1 file, you still Frank?... )(scalability) <br /> -- write via fopen vs put (performance) <br /> -- modifying closed files (yes/no)

----------------------------------<br /> <br />-- Where to go from here:
   * ramp up D0 across more sites incl BestMan site (srm layer on top of a file system) 
---+++ Friday 08/01
---++++ AM
---+++++ OSG USERS discussion

--Miron says:
   * knows little of what's happening in the user group 
   * prefers to call it the VO-Group vs the User Group, or something else (Member group ??) 
   * says we have three VOs that at the moment are mainly focused as providing services to their infrastructure - need close and direct connection to the people that represent the infrastructure of these VOs &ndash; &ldquo;the big three&rdquo; 
   * recognizes that the engage and user group need to work more closely together 
   * wonders what is process to move someone from Engage to VO-Group or "membership group&rdquo; 

-- Action items:
   1 Britta to get in contact with VO contacts within 6 weeks
   1 Cleanup VO list (establish status, are they still a VO, actively running science, remove who's 'dead')
   1 Within two month: list of VOs categorized (active, pending, dead, .... Categories to be determined by us (A & B))

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 05 Aug 2008