%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1220887342" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/06/14

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/06/14 at 11am CDT.<br>
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; Bruno Goncalves; Mats Rynge.
<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; -->

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; Ewa Deelman; Karan Vahi.

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from last week.

   * !IceCube subgroup of OSG VO initiated: waiting for GUMS template updates.
   * !IceCube file transfer issues appear tractable: 14GB is divided into 3.5MB files and loaded in sets of 800MB at a time; in addition, length of jobs can be increased to ~12 to increase work:overhead ratio per job: looks good for SQUID.

---++++ Action

   * Chris still needs to close the loop with Doug, Leesa and Preston S. regarding MPI.
   * Chris still to do more research into BDII/LDAP/ReSS.
   * Chris still to start email discussion of people to contact.
   * All still to take ownership of several names and contact them about attendance at and contribution to the July meeting.
   * Chris still to follow up with Frank to see if this applies to his problem also.
   * Abhishek still to follow up with ATLAS.
   * Chris to contact Juan Carlos to encourage registration in =osg:/osg/IceCube=.
   * Chris to look into SQUID discovery and access at sites.

---+++ Discussion with Bruno Goncalves (independent OSG researcher) regarding VO/authentication issues.

----++++ Discussion

   * Original problem was that OSG VO server entry was not correct in current VO package; Dan Y obtained a new cert and a fix went in to Rob Q for release this week.
   * Upon further investigation, discovered that Bruno's new DOE cert has a different random number suffix to his DN than his old one. No longer has access to the old one so registration in VO must be done by a VO admin.

----++++ Action

   * <strike>Chris to follow up with Chander and get Bruno's registration fixed.</strike>

---+++ Discussion with Ewa regarding Pegasus presentation at UM.

Tabled for next week as Karan and Ewa were unable to make it this time.

----+++ User survey

----++++ Discussion

More details on Frank's idea:

<ul>
  <li>Frank wants to set up a !TWiki area showing plots with usage (or jobs) by site for each VO.</li>
  <li>UG will review plots and use to form useful target questions about previous usage patterns, possible problems and future plans, requirements and solutions.</li>
  <li>Gratia already has a plot that *almost* does the job: !UsageBySiteForVO. Currently difficult due to different VO names meaning (almost) the same thing. New release of Gratia will have VO correspondence table; expect this next week.</li>
</ul>

----++++ Action

   * Chris to make sure production Gratia has VO correspondence table by next week.
   * Abhishek to produce plots when reporting ready.

----+++ Users' meeting

----++++ Discussion

   * Chris admitted to letting things go on the advocacy front: need to produce list of names and get Indico agenda updated ASAP.

----++++ Action

   * Chris to update Indico agenda and produce list of names to contact about attendance and/or presentation.

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

None.

---+++ Other current issues

None.

---+++ AOB.

Mats and Frank discussed gLexec: Mats agreed it was interesting and sounded like something to look into for Engage.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 14 Jun 2007

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="ChrisGreen" date="1181837039" from="UserGroup.UserSupportMeeting20070613" to="UserGroup.UserSupportMeeting20070614"}%
