%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625638" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/05/08
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/05/08 at *13:30 Chicago time*.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech). 
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL). 
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL). 
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD). 
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]] (OSG External Comm/ FNAL). 

<!--
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]] (OSG External Comm/ FNAL).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL). 
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]] (OSG External Comm/ FNAL).
   * Neha Sharma (FNAL).

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).
   * Shreyas Cholia (NERSC)
   * Doru Marcusiu (OSG / Teragrid interoperability / NCSA).

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.AlinaBejan][Alina Bejan]] (OSGEDU / U. of Chicago).
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL).

-->

---++ Agenda

---++ Status of Pending Action Items
   * [CG] From All Hands meeting - make matrix of VO vs Site from VO tests "hello world" execution. 
      * Some thinking to do to minimize work on the result-collection and tabulation side. 
      * %GREEN%No further progress thus far.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO SecurityTeam Contact security training. 
      * In progress. 
   * [AR] How do we get priorities and schedules for VO middleware requests? 
      * Abhishek to start a thread next week. 
   * [MR]: to send Ruth an email listing target potential future users. 
   * [MP]: 
      * CG has run the dates and tenative agenda by EB one more time before putting out on the usual lists (done). 
      * No feedback so far, need to establish the attendance 
   * [AR], [CG]: make sure contact is maintained with !SBGrid and !CompBioGrid. 
      * %GREEN%Ongoing.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG], [MA], [RP]: <strike>round of comments on AUP.</strike> 
      * No comments so far. 
      * %GREEN%Document submitted, no comments.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG]: <strike>registration policy by April 15</strike>. 
      * %GREEN%Done.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG], [MP]: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability. 
      * due to vacation and sick time, hasn't happen in a satisfactory way. 
   * [MP]: complete MPI enhancements and ensure completion of glexec capability. 
      * Proxy lifetime issues with glexec capability - since last time coding work done by Jose Caballero, testing in progress. 
      * Working on EGEE contacts to start pilot tests there - there has been a considerable mail exchange with EGEE; focus is now on creating a glexec configuration on select EGEE sites that can allow us to do meaningful testing in absence of a reliable LCMAPS-ish backend. 
      * Maxim to contact Shreyas and NERSC about including them - done, Shreyas has authorized accounts, will test shortly. 
      * CMS interested in one or two applications (eg !RooFit) that are parallel-capable -not done, need to revisit. 
   * [MR]: continue work on distributable matchmaker version and communication / integration with nanoHUB. 
   * [MR]: Continue contacts with Gabriele on !ReSS use and matchmaking. 
      * Email correspondence ongoing. 
   * [AB]: decide how to approach sites and contact to obtain informed consent to OSGEDU use. 
      * AB asked for clarification -- <strike>will send (CG)</strike>. 
      * %GREEN%Clarification sent.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment. 
      * AB asked for clarification -- <strike>will send (CG)</strike>. 
      * %GREEN%Clarification sent; Alina working with Mine.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG]: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access. 
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to ping once more.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG], [AR]: receive and act on Doug's reporting as appropriate. 
      * %GREEN%Ongoing. Need to ping -- no report in a while.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG], [AR]: firm-up contacts with NCSA and Doru. 
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to pick this up.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [MR]: send email to Chris and Abhishek listing problems and suggested mitigation measures with current NERSC and NCSA access methods and accounting practices. 
   * [CG]: <strike>Forward email to EB for last-minute comments.</strike> 
      * %GREEN%Done and out.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG], [AB]: watch MPI advertising / EGEE thread. 
      * %GREEN%Thread currently moribund.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG]: <strike>ask LIGO to add option to globus run command that will make reporting easier.</strike> 
      * %GREEN%Done. Will check with Britta on implementation ETA.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [CG]: <strike>talk to Jeff Mack re. getting week numbers translated to Monday dates.</strike> 
      * %GREEN%Done: should be in next release of Gratia%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [AR]: email links to related web pages to osg-users as well as forward list archive info to Britta.%BR% 
   * [BD]: talk with Rob G. re validation. 
   * [AR], [BD]: update validation pages as needed. 
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET. 
   * [CG]: <strike>email Ruth with list of who didn't renew AUP agreement.</strike> 
      * %GREEN%Done.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [AR]: personal invitations to individuals 
   * [MT]: <strike>info to iSGTW</strike> 
   * [CG]: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs 
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to pick this up.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [AR] invite SBGrid 

---++ Face to face at BNL.

   * Maxim wants to expand 2nd day. 
   * No convener confirmed for client tools discussion. We shouldn't focus on one particular set of tools; someone from Storage should be present. 
   * Still no decision on whether this can be a BNL public event %GREEN%Resolved. It has been declared a public event.%ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ Action items

   * [MP] to email Mats & Greg about osg & engage VOs (Ruth wants wider discussion and more interaction with users.) 
   * [MA] will provide security content and speakers (planned for 2nd half of day Monday in separate room) 
   * [MA] will make sure security people register for conference. 
   * [CG] to develop strategy of kickstarting discussion on client tools; will ask for more input from Ruth 

---++ ITB VO Validation

   * Validation: 3 of 4 sites succeeded during LIGO ITB testing 
   * Neha may help w/ osg vo 
---+++ Action items

---++ Storage
---+++ Action items

---++ Specific VOs

---+++ OSG VO

---++++ Action items.

---+++ Engage

---++++ Action items.

---+++ OSGEDU

---++++ Action items.

---+++ General VO Usage

---++++ NERSC & NCSA

   * Discussion of who owns above issue. 

---++++ Action items.

   * [MR] to provide timeframe for completion. 

---++ UG organization and focus.

---+++ [[WebHome#Activities_Focus_Areas][Activities and Focus Areas]]

   * Page should reflect: 
      * UG Goals 
      * knowledge of which groups w/i OSG we need to interact with 
      * ensuring all science communities are engaged 
   * Can we add links to "For more information..." for sections? 

---+++ Action items.
 [ALL] Read and comment on material.

---++ OSG web site mockup.
   * No objection to moving forward with removal of gray bars for subheadings for left menu items or for "Can't find it" button. 

---+++ Action items.

---++ Any other business

---+++ Action items

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 08 May 2008 
%BR% -- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008

   * Web site mock-up: <br /> <img width="1059" alt="osg_home_mockup_032807.jpg" src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/osg_home_mockup_032807.jpg" height="749" />
