%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026271" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/05/10

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/05/10 11:00 CDT%BR%
Via email invite to !WebEx due to over-subscribed 'phone lines for ESNET system.

---+++ Present

[[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shoawen Wang]]; Tim Miller.

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].

---++ Agenda
---+++ CHARMM progress and needs

---++++ Overview
<ul>
<li>CHARMM is a computation chemistry application: molecular modeling and simulation.</li>
<li>WMS includes PANDA + home-brew add-ons.</li>
<li>Structure is a DAG: each "run" consists of about 30 job clusters, which produces a simultaneous job load of 30-80, and a running time of about 10-14 days under smooth running conditions and full utilization.</li>
</ul>

---++++ Current status
<ul>
<li>2 production runs currently in progress.</li>
<li>WMS is currently not very robust ie site failures have a significant effect on run execution time -- current runs have already exceeded 2 weeks each.</li>
<li>Sites in use:
  <ul>
  <li>UFlorida-IHEPA.*</li>
  <li>OSG_LIGO_PSU-pbs</li>
  <li>UWMadison-condor</li>
  <li>UFlorida-PG.*</li>
  <li>USCMS-FNAL-WC1-CE.*</li>
  <li>FIU-PG.*</li>
  <li>UCSD.*</li>
  <li>Nebraska-pbs</li>
  </ul>
</li>
<li>Frank pointed out that the following sites are lightly loaded right now and should be used to the maximum:
  <ul>
  <li>UWMadison-condor</li>
  <li>UFlorida-PG.*</li>
  <li>USCMS-FNAL-WC1-CE.*</li>
  <li>FIU-PG.*</li>
  <li>UCSD.*</li>
  </ul>
</li>
<li>Currently only one pilot job per site is pending at any one time. Tim responded that he does not know how to change that configuration but could find out from Torre.</li>
<li>Frank pointed out in an email that due to the 5-minute scheduling cycle of Condor, only 1 pending job will require many hours to ramp up to fully utilize a site.</li>
<li>[[http://gridui02.usatlas.bnl.gov:25880/server/pandamon/query?job=*&ui=user&name=Ana+Damjanovic&reload=yes&type=&days=3&jobStatus=&site=][CHARM job status page]].</li>
<li>Gratia not reporting much for OSG VO right now because most jobs (except test jobs from Tim) appear to be running as Torre due to the configuration of the PANDA instances. These jobs are currently indistinguishable from Torre's ATLAS jobs in Gratia.</li>
</ul>

---++++ Action
<ul>
<li>Tim to maximize use of Frank's list of sites in the short term by increasing the number of pending pilot jobs</li>
<li>Tim to increase the ability of the WMS to recover from site failures.</li>
<li>Tim to investigate correcting the PANDA configuration to submit jobs as the production manager's DN (Ana Damjanovic) and the OSG VO instead of Torre's DN and usatlas.</li>
</ul>

---+++ Troubleshooting: Usability campaign

---++++ Discussion
<ul>
<li>Shaowen joined the call and introduced the user campaign.</li>
<li>Frank suggested a more focussed effort in the short term to make sure some of the smaller VOs are as happy as they can be to avoid the problem of a large number of initial reports leading to lots of branches of activity and little progress on each due to limited resources.<br>
Chris thought wouldn't be much of a problem since many problems would be common or have common solutions, which is what we're after.<br>
Agreed that US group to concentrate on following VO's while actual report influx was relatively light:
<ul>
<li>CHARMM ([[http://gridui02.usatlas.bnl.gov:25880/server/pandamon/query?job=*&ui=user&name=Ana+Damjanovic&reload=yes&type=&days=3&jobStatus=&site=][status page]]);</li>
<li>Engagement ([[http://www.renci.org/~rynge/osg/status.php][status page]]);</li>
<li>D0.</li>
</ul>
Shaowen agreed that Trash/Troubleshooting group handle site-specific problems.</li>
<li>Chris mentioned that Mats' testing system would be good at testing site availability, at least from the point of view of the Engage VO.</li>
<li>Shaowen talked about documentation for the campaign: new problem documentation, FAQs, eventually problem-solving flowcharts..<br>
Frank suggested simply a comprehensive journal of problems seen and solved in the short term, to distill into other docs as material accumulates.</li>
</ul>

---++++ Action
<ul>
<li>Chris to check in with Parag on D0 status and issues.</li>
<li>Chris to follow up with Tim following his discussions with Torre.</li>
<li>Chris and/or Frank to check in with Mats and advise to submit many more jobs to known-working sites.<br>
%RED%Update from Frank%ENDCOLOR%: Mats is getting more supported and operating sites, and is increasing site-submit limits gradually.</li>
<li>Chris to invite Engage (John and Mats) and nanoHub (Steve Clarke) to next week's meeting.</li>
<li>Shaowen's team to handle site-specific trouble reports; US group to concentrate on individual VO help.</li>
<li>Shaowen to keep comprehensive problems-solved journal.</li>
<li>US group should do this too: see later item on US TWiki.</li>
</ul>

---+++ User satisfaction survey

---++++ Discussion

<ul>
<li>Frank's suggestion is not to jump headlong into a long questionnaire that is not focussed enough to solicit any useful feedback. Instead, use Gratia as much as possible to get usage data to provide the basis for specific questions for particular VOs. Also use !ReSS and/or BDII (need to ask Gabriele how) to provide details of open / used slots at various sites to help with this.</li>
<li>Frank: need to be able to prove to people they can get more resources if they want, and show them where to go for them.</li>
<li>Frank: will need more reports than Gratia currently offers -- how to ask? Ken Bloom also has a bunch of requests.<br>
Chris: will put up a table for people to add suggestions for improvements.</li>
<li>Frank: want to do this right and get usable feedback from it -- don't mind if that means missing the nominal milestone.</li>
</ul>

---++++ Action

<ul>
<li>Chris to provide table for user suggestions for Gratia, including action taken (defer, triage, implement, etc).<br>
%RED%Updated%ENDCOLOR%: preempted to some extent by Philippe suggesting to add to Penelope's user requirements document.<br>
Chris: not sure this is the right place for it since user requirements doc is for future infrastructure -- will talk to Philippe.</li>
<li>Chris to ascertain how to get job slot data from !ReSS and/or BDII.</li>
</ul>

---+++ July workshop

---++++ Discussion

<ul>
<li>Background from Frank: last all-hands meeting was too packed and too parallel: split out some aspects to specific workshops.<br>
Site-focus meeting Jul 30/31 at FNAL or Madison.</li>
<li>User meeting: 26/27 July at FNAL. Questions:
  <ul>
  <li>Who?</li>
  <li>What?</li>
  <li>Goals.</li>
  </ul>
</li>
<li>Want to focus on issues and discussion rather than education.</li>
<li>Completely plenary: will need one room (preferably the same one for the two days) with capacity for probably up to 50: Racetrack, Hornets' Nest or Curia II?</li>
<li>Session of presentations from OSG:
  <ul>
  <li>Troubleshooting</li>
  <li>User Support</li>
  <li>Anne -- documentation  -- needs, status, infrastructure.</li>
  <li>Rob Q: GOC, ticketing, site monitoring.</li>
  <li>VORS, other information gathering (!ReSS, BDII, etc)</li>
  </ul>
Concentrate on current capabilities, not future whizzbangs.
</li>
<li>Need to concentrate on "constructive structure" -- can't allow to degenerate into serial negativity.</li>
<li>Important to see others succeeding and provide for idea swapping between users.</li>
<li>Presentations from users to focus on a couple of solved problems and a couple of current ones. Allow at least as much discussion time as presentation time.</li>
<li>Presentation from Engagement group showcasing workflow management?</li>
<li>Maybe get !CompBio into the state where they can be operating by workshop and showcase what was done?</li>
</ul>

---++++ Action

<ul>
<li>Chris to start work on local logistics: room, snacks.</li>
</ul>

---+++ Other current issues

None.

---+++ AOB.

---++++Discussion

 <ul>
<li>After meeting via email: need User Support web for meeting minutes, etc. After discussion, decided it should be distinct from VO web, which should be kept intact.</li>
</ul>

---++++ Action

<ul>
<strike><li>Chris: write up minutes in TWiki.</li></strike>
<strike><li>Chris: inaugurate new web: !UserGroup.</li></strike>
</ul>




-- Main.ChrisGreen - 11 May 2007

