%META:TOPICINFO{author="FkW" date="1180024463" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ !! Users' Meeting draft announcement 

This is the working draft of the Users' Meeting announcement email. Please edit as desired. The aim at this point is to have the completed draft to the EB Monday morning.

The draft below includes ideas for presentations; although very few potential speakers have yet been contacted.

---++ Draft
<body>
This is the first announcement of the Open Science Grid Users' Meeting, to be held at FNAL on July 26th and 27th 2007. This meeting / workshop is aimed at <b>all users</b> of the OSG who meet any of the following criteria:

<ul>
<li>are responsible for or develop applications that run on the OSG;</li>
<li>are VO managers or their delegates;</li>
<li>are involved in any aspect of VO-specific infrastructure for OSG use, for example: workflow, meta-scheduling or portal management;</li>
<li>are users or prospective users of the OSG in any capacity and are interested in discussing issues and their solutions; or hearing about others' issues and how they may have been solved.</li>
</ul>

<p>The emphasis in this meeting will be on sharing issues and ideas and discussing current and future needs across the  users of and participants in OSG. The goal is to help each other and have ideas on how to help new entrants to the OSG.</p>

<p>While there will be some presentations we want to leave plenty of time for discussion and interaction.</p>

<p>Anyone who has something to say which would fit in to one of the meeting's sessions should feel free to submit their talk, and we will have some space for short on-the-fly presentations as well.</p>

<p>Some other pertinent facts about the meeting:</p>

<ul>
<li>There is no registration fee.</li>
<li>Please <a href="https://indico.fnal.gov/confRegistrationFormDisplay.py/signIn?confId=870">register</a> at our Indico portal.</li>
<li>There will be a pay-as-you-go group dinner the evening of the 26th. Please indicate at registration whether you plan to attend.</li>
<li>The emphasis of this meeting will be on multi-directional information exchange -- discussion and collaboration, and less on monologues. We will allow time for discussion after each presentation; issue-oriented sessions will allow some dedicated time for discussion after all presentations in that session.</li>
<li>Wireless network access will be available; please see Indico for registration details and pre-requisites.</li>
</ul>

<p>The agenda is displayed on Indico also: <a href="https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=870">Agenda</a></p>

<p>The session outline is as follows:</p>

<dl>
<dt>2007/07/26 08:30 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Introductions,  User and VO Support</b> </dd>
<dt>2007/07/26 09:00 CDT - 2007/07/26 10:30 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Sources of Help and Information</b>
<ul>
<li>Troubleshooting Team,  Campaign to help Users Run Jobs (10 + 5), Shaowen or designate.</li>
<li>How to get and use Information about OSG resources and usage - VORS, BDII, !ReSS, Gratia.</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dt>2007/07/26 10:45 CDT - 2007/07/26 12:00 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Users - especially Opportunistic -  experiences, issues and solutions I</b>
<ul>
<li>Engagement:  MPI jobs on the OSG,  experiences using the OSG for the first time</li>
<li>CHARMM: intro to experiment and application description / results?</li>
<li>D0: site / application validation.</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dt>2007/07/26 12:00 CDT - 2007/07/26 13:30 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Lunch</b> </dd>

<dt>2007/07/26 13:30  CDT </dt>
<dd> <b>Using OSG middleware</b>
<ul>
<li>The OSG software stack and VDT - what it is, how you get software added, how support happens - Alain Roy.</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dt>2007/07/26 13:50 CDT - 2007/07/26 15:30 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Scheduling and Managing Work and Jobs on OSG I</b>
<ul>
<li>nanoHUB experiences</li>
<li>GADU: experiences </li>
<li>LIGO</li>
<li>Astrophysics - Nickolai Kouropatkin</li>
<li>?</li>
</ul>
</dd>

<dt>2007/07/26 15:45 CDT - 2007/07/26 17:45 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Users - especially Opportunistic -  experiences, issues and solutions II</b>
<ul>
<li>How the Grid Operations Center can help you (10+5), </li>
<li>The OSG !TWiki site and making documentation of use to users  (10+5), </li>
<li>nanowire performance tuning - Jamie Frey? </li>
<li>Discovering and understanding the VO site environment  - Chris Green </li>
<li>STAR</li>
<li>?</li>
</ul>
</dd>


<dt>2007/07/26 20:00 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Group dinner</b> </dd>

<dt>2007/07/27 08:30 CDT - 2007/07/27 10:00 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Movement and Management of  Data and Using Storage on OSG</b>
<ul>
<li>Placing, using, and retrieving data on Processing Resources </li>
<li>Storage Elements - availability and usage </li>
<li>Experiences and issues moving and using data on OSG</li>
<li>?</li>
</ul>
</dd>

<dt>2007/07/27 10:15 CDT - 2007/07/27 11:00 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>VO Management and Security</b>

<dt>2007/07/27 11:00 CDT - 2007/07/27 12:30 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Best Practices: maximizing efficiency and goodwill at the user-site interface</b>
<ul>
<li>Discussion with talking points: porting existing applications to the grid</li>
<li>Discussion with talking points: factors affecting information throughput</li>
<li>Spotting and troubleshooting site specific problems</li>
<li>?</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dt>2007/07/27 12:30 CDT - 2007/07/27 13:30 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Lunch</b> </dd>
<dt>2007/07/27 13:30 CDT - 2007/07/27 15:00 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Scheduling and Managing Work and Jobs on OSG II</b>
<ul>
<li>Glideins -  Igor? </li>
<li>Panda - Torre </li>
<li>?</li>
<li>?</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dt>2007/07/27 15:00 CDT - 2007/07/27 16:00 CDT</dt>
<dd> <b>Meeting wrap-up and close</b> </dd>
</dl>


---++ Post-amble

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.FkW, Main.TorreWenaus, Main.AbhishekSinghRana, Main.RuthPordes

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 18 May 2007
