%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1186439064" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/08/09

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/08/09 at 11am CDT.<br />
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

TBA.

<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from previous meetings

   * STAR filled out [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/UserGroup/UserSurveySTAR][User Survey]].
   * Engage filled out [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/UserGroup/UserSurveyENGAGE][User Survey]].

---++++ Action

   * Abhishek still to follow up with ATLAS.
   * Chris to look into SQUID discovery and access at sites.

---+++ %RED%Changing time and opening the meeting to all comers%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

---+++ !IceCube

---++++ Discussion


---++++ Action


----+++ Users' Meeting /post mortem/ and closeout

----++++ Discussion



----++++ Action


----+++ User Survey

----++++ Discussion


----++++ Action


---+++ Year 2 Plan


----++++ Discussion

----++++ Action


---+++ VO application validation of ITB


----++++ Discussion

----++++ Action



---+++ Other current issues

---++++ MPI

---++++ CHEP demo.

---+++ AOB.

None.


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 06 Aug 2007
