%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrittaDaudert" date="1212092104" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/06/05
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/05/08 at <strong>13:30 Chicago time</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech)
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC)
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL)
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]] 
   * [[Main.GregThain][Greg Thain]] (Engage/UW)

   
---++ Agenda

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO Security Contact security training.
   * [MP]: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability.
      * %GREEN%.work is currently in progress to create a better user interface %ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment.
   * [CG]: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access.
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to ping once more.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item--no response%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: watch MPI advertising / EGEE thread.
      * %GREEN%Thread currently moribund.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Partly resolved%ENDCOLOR%
      * %Abhishek to look at e-mail thread and send update to Anand and get involvement fro USERS%
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET.
   * [CG]: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to pick this up.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Face to face at BNL.
    
Proposed Agenda for Tuesday Morning:

*Engagement discussion*:  1.5 hours first thing Tuesday AM.
   * how Engagement transitions users into own VO
   * how Engagement works together with OSG/EDU VOs
   * ?
   
          * Mats will present

*OSG VO/EDU VO joint discussion*:  1.5 hours after Engagement
   * Ruth to report on osg, Alina on edu


---++++ Action items

   * Finalize Tuesday morning agenda  (Mats to give overview) 

   * Mats to contact Ruth and Alina about OSG/EDU VO session

   * Troubleshooting session to be added to overall agenda (replacing Client Tools session)


---+++ STORAGE

   * Abhishek to report on developments  
  

---+++ Any other business


-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 19 May 2008%BR%
