%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026274" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/02/07
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/02/07 at <strong>noon CDT</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (!ReSS Project, FNAL).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * Gaurang Mehta (Pegasus, ISI).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).

<!--

   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL).

-->

---++ Agenda

---+++ MPI resource provisioning: Changes to !ReSS, GIP custom attributes, usage by Engagement team. 

Gabriele presented a summary of changes that have been made in !ReSS to facilitate provisioning (advertisement and discovery) of MPI resources.

*How to add custom attributes to GIP*

Here is the documentation from GIP development team:

https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/GenericInformationProviders#How_do_I_get_my_GIP_to_publish_n

*FermiGrid custom attributes*

Gabriele has talked to Neha Sharma, of !FermiGrid. !FermiGrid is the Fermilab campus grid. Its clusters publish custom attributes to the !FermiGrid !ReSS server. All !FermiGrid custom attributes are statically defined.

!FermiGrid has 2 use cases:

1. Advertise a WS-GRAM interface. !FermiGrid uses a custom attribute, in the context of a CE, to advertise the type of interface (GT4) and the GRAM resource URL.
(This can be good input for the information interoperability discussion, where goal is to accomplish the same thing for the OSG)

2. A !GlobusRSL string that specifies the appropriate constraints to the local scheduler, in order to send the job to the sub-cluster selected via !ReSS.

Neha has mentioned 2 caveats for a site to follow:

(a) VDT upgrades tend to erase the modified GIP configuration. Thus, site should maintain a back up of all relevant configuration files.

(b) If site has a Condor cluster, the default GIP configuration published 1 CE per VO. If site wants the custom attribute to be available for all VOs, it
has to list the attribute in the context of about 50 CEs.

*When can we start using custom attributes?*

Until very recently, custom attributes at a site would jeopardize the information sent by the site to the EGEE information bridge. This was because BDII checks for complianceof the information with GLUE Schema.

Indiana University and GOC have now developed an <i>Information Aggregator</i>, which filters out any attribute not compliant with the GLUE schema, before sending the information to BDII. Effectively, this allows custom information in !ReSS to coexist without breaking BDII interoperability with EGEE.

Tim Silvers has deployed the system on the ITB. Before deploying it on the production OSG, Tim is waiting to discuss related features of the system (information
expiration time) at the next interoperability meeting.

*What attributes did we decide to use for MPI ?*

There have been 2 proposals:

1) Use custom attributes (non-compliant with GLUE Schema). This can be tried immediately after the new Aggregator is deployed at Indiana for production OSG.

2) Use the <i>Software entity</i> section of GLUE Schema. The current CEMon does not publish software information. With OSG 1.0, the new CEMon will. However, we need to consider that sites often do not promptly upgrade to the latest software stack.

Gabriele and Mats have plans to follow up on the details. 

To exercise these new extensions, it may be good to find one or more sites which can advertise MPI resources and one or more VOs which can use the same.

---+++ Bio Applications workshop at OSG All-hands meeting.

Maxim and Mats are in communication with Biology application teams.

---+++ Meeting schedule change.

   * Meeting schedule needs to be changed to accommodate Area coordinators' meeting every second Thursday at 11.30AM CT. 
   * New timeslot for the weekly User Group meeting to be 1:30 CT Thursdays.

---+++ Area Coordinators' meeting.

   * Next AC presentation from UG coordinators is on Feb 14.
   * Chris and Abhishek to discuss items (WBS, current initiatives, etc.) via email.

---+++ Representation at integration meeting.

   * Britta has started to represent User Group at the weekly Integration meetings.

---+++ LIGO workflow troubleshooting

   * Progress being made. 
   * Britta is in communication with OSG GOC and Trash/Troubleshooting teams. Kent and Abhishek are on cc list of GOC tickets. 
   * Ticket numbers are: 4478, 4479, 4480.

-- Main.AbhishekSinghRana - 11 Feb 2008