%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026273" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/05/24

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/05/24 at 11am CDT.<br>
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]
<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; Mats Rynge. -->

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]] 
<!--[[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; Steve Clark. -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from last week.

   * Chris spoke to Steve Clark: main discussion on last week's minutes; resulting action item:
      * Ticket 3060 brought to the attention of the troubleshooting team: Suchandra has taken ownership.
   * Mats' problems with UCSD and LIGO: both are due to his tests setting an attribute based on a fork test when it should have been done on the WN: UCSD's was writing to =OSG_APP=; LIGO was external network connectivity -- no formal follow-up although discussions are continuing with UCSD.
   * Parag reported to the troubleshooting meeting today: subject to one open ticket (3518) regarding storage access at UNL, D0 is running smoothly and usage is ramping down now.

---++++ Action

   * Chris still needs to close the loop with Doug, Leesa and Preston S. regarding MPI.
   * Chris still to do something about research into BDII/LDAP/ReSS.

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

None.

---+++ July workshop

---++++ Discussion

   * We discussed Chris' draft, incorporating Ruth's edits; and tweaked real-time some sessions that had become light or overcrowded. Will also run by Ruth one more time.

---++++ Action

   * Chris to run by Ruth one more time, then out to lists and on to Indico site.
   * <strike>Frank to contact STAR, Trash/Troubleshooting and documentation regarding meeting.</strike>

---+++ Other current issues

None.

---+++ AOB.

   * Discussed whether to keep coordination meetings weekly; decided there was enough to keep us going for now -- better to have a weekly short meeting than a bi-weekly marathon.

---+++ Action

   * Meetings will continue to be weekly for the nonce.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 29 May 2007