%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985972" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/08/02

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/08/02 at 11am CDT.<br />
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]].

<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from previous meetings

   * STAR filled out [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/UserSurveySTAR][User Survey]].
   * Engage filled out [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/UserSurveyENGAGE][User Survey]].

---++++ Action

   * Abhishek still to follow up with ATLAS.
   * Chris to look into SQUID discovery and access at sites.


---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

---+++ !IceCube

---++++ Discussion

Deferred to next week.

---++++ Action


----+++ Users' Meeting /post mortem/ and closeout

----++++ Discussion

Some discussion with Mats, who found the meeting useful. Further discussion deferred to next week. Meanwhile, see [[%HOMETOPIC%#News][News]] on the [[%HOMETOPIC%][User Group home page]] for more more information on the Users' Meeting.


----++++ Action


----+++ User Survey

----++++ Discussion

Deferred to next week.

----++++ Action


---+++ Year 2 Plan

Deferred to next week.

----++++ Discussion

----++++ Action


---+++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo application validation of ITB

Deferred to next week.

----++++ Discussion

----++++ Action



---+++ Other current issues

---++++ MPI

   * Discussions ongoing with Mats and Preston Smith and Purdue to solve OSG interface problems.

---++++ CHEP demo.

   * Back end complete; RENCI visualization team has agreed to produce graphical animation of job scheduler log information.

---+++ AOB.

None.


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 06 Aug 2007
