%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445888" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/08/28
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time.

Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111.

---+++ Present
   * Joel Snow (Dzero) 
   * Andrew Baranovski (Dzero/OSG Storage) 
   * Adam Lyon (Fermilab) 
   * Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage) 
   * Anand Padmanabhan (CIGI) 
   * Abhishek Singh Rana (OSG User Group) 
   * Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications)
---+++ Agenda

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow & Andrew Baranovski), and related work with OSG Storage
   * [[D0Notes][August 21 discussion]] 
   * [[D0Notes28Aug08][Aug 28 discussion]] 
      * Phase 1 closed out in two weeks
         * Marcia to talk to players and write Tech Note as part of this.
      * Phase 2: will be officially revisited in two months.
   * Goal: 
      * Improve efficiency of D0's utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Declare any final limitations, after 1-2 Quarters. 
   * Ongoing D0 analysis: 
      * http://www-d0.fnal.gov/~snow/jobscan/effs.html 
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot2days.html 
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot4days.html 
   * Recommendation for USCMS sites: http://datagrid.ucsd.edu/opportunistic 

---+++ nanoHUB (Steve Clark), and related work with OSG Accounting

   * [[NanohubNotes][Aug 21 discussion]] 
   * Goals: 
      * Understand possibility of different conventions, and thus variations in job accounting; nanoHUB vis-a-vis Gratia. 
      * Try to diagnose causes of low job success rates. 
      * Suggest, and move forward, measures to improve job success rates, i.e., nanoHUB efficiency. Encourage nanoHUB to increase utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Solicit nanoHUB's citing OSG usage in publications and in scientific results. 

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items

   * [MR, MP] MPI, NERSC & NCSA 
      * %GREEN% Work ongoing with Engagement, GIP, ReSS, GOC, and MPI sites. %ENDCOLOR% 
      * %GREEN% Ball in Purdue's (MPI site) and Engage team's court. No new updates. %ENDCOLOR% 
   * [MP]: PANDA configuration, use and availability. 
      * <font color="#0000cd" class="WYSIWYG_COLOR">%GREEN%VO information in Panda: VORS/GIP aggregation to be fed into Panda DBs%ENDCOLOR%</font> 
      * %GREEN%new user-level monitoring -- work resumed%ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ VO related issues
   * LIGO and Gratia reporting: results of investigation. 
   * LIGO and _Einstein at Home_ troubleshooting efforts. 

---+++ USERS Message Board/Forum

%GREEN%https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Forum/ Marcia needs to do some work on configuring.%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ Redirecting WIKI page%NAVY% !UserSupport --> !UserGroup%ENDCOLOR%

%GREEN%Done.%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Any other business

Wikipedia article on OSG - (see email, 8/28)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Science_Grid
   * Abhishek will work on making it more accurate. 
   * Need a non-PR person; citations recommended.
