%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985972" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/05/08
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/05/08 at <strong>13:30 Chicago time</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC)
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL). 
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]] (OSG External Comm/ FNAL).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Greg Thain]] (Engage/UW)

   

<!--

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]] (OSG External Comm/ FNAL).
   * Neha Sharma (FNAL).

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).
   * Shreyas Cholia (NERSC)
   * Doru Marcusiu (OSG / Teragrid interoperability / NCSA).

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.AlinaBejan][Alina Bejan]] (OSGEDU / U. of Chicago).
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL).

-->

---++ Agenda

---++ Status of Pending Action Items
   * [CG] From All Hands meeting - make matrix of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo vs Site from VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo tests "hello world" execution.
      * Some thinking to do to minimize work on the result-collection and tabulation side.
      * %GREEN%No further progress thus far.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [MA] Work through corrected VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Security Contact security training.
      * In progress. 
   * [AR] How do we get priorities and schedules for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo middleware requests?
      * Abhishek to start a thread next week.
   * [MR]: to send Ruth an email listing target potential future users.
   * [MP]: 
      * CG has run the dates and tenative agenda by EB one more time before putting out on the usual lists (done).
      * No feedback so far, need to establish the attendance
   * [AR], [CG]: make sure contact is maintained with !SBGrid and !CompBioGrid.
      * %GREEN%Ongoing.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [CG], [MP]: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability.
      * due to vacation and sick time, hasn't happen in a satisfactory way.
   * [MP]: complete MPI enhancements and ensure completion of glexec capability.
      * Proxy lifetime issues with glexec capability - since last time coding work done by Jose Caballero, testing in progress.
      * Working on EGEE contacts to start pilot tests there - there has been a considerable mail exchange with EGEE; focus is now on creating a glexec configuration on select EGEE sites that can allow us to do meaningful testing in absence of a reliable LCMAPS-ish backend.
      * Maxim to contact Shreyas and NERSC about including them - done, Shreyas has authorized accounts, will test shortly.
      * CMS interested in one or two applications (eg !RooFit) that are parallel-capable -not done, need to revisit.
   * [MR]: continue work on distributable matchmaker version and communication / integration with nanoHUB.
      * %GREEN%Discussed with NanoHub and LIGO during Condor Week. No real action items for us more than give a general helping hand. %ENDCOLOR%
   * [MR]: Continue contacts with Gabriele on !ReSS use and matchmaking.
      * Email correspondence ongoing.
      * %GREEN%Gave a presentation about ReSS and the matchmaker at Condor Week%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: decide how to approach sites and contact to obtain informed consent to OSGEDU use.
      * AB asked for clarification -- <strike>will send (CG)</strike>.
      * %GREEN%Clarification sent.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment.
      * AB asked for clarification -- <strike>will send (CG)</strike>.
      * %GREEN%Clarification sent; Alina working with Mine.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [CG]: follow up with Rob Quick on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS DB access.
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to ping once more.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [CG], [AR]: receive and act on Doug's reporting as appropriate.
      * %GREEN%Ongoing. Need to ping -- no report in a while.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [CG], [AR]: firm-up contacts with NCSA and Doru.
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to pick this up.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [MR]: send email to Chris and Abhishek listing problems and suggested mitigation measures with current NERSC and NCSA access methods and accounting practices.
      * %GREEN%Data is still being collected%ENDCOLOR%
   * [CG], [AB]: watch MPI advertising / EGEE thread.
      * %GREEN%Thread currently moribund.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AR]: email links to related web pages to osg-users as well as forward list archive info to Britta.%BR%
   * [BD]: talk with Rob G. re validation.
   * [AR], [BD]: update validation pages as needed.
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET.
   * [AR]: personal invitations to individuals
   * [CG]: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- need to pick this up.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AR] invite SBGrid


---++ Temp Personnel Change

Chris Green taking a hiatus from UG activities 'til end of FY08 to cover support and transition of Gratia to FermiGrid operations.  He will be available for emergencies, and is working with the other members of the users group and Fermilab team to make sure nothing falls through the cracks

Some areas of concern as a result:
   * UG meeting organization:  Britta will take over until Chris is able to resume.  Ruth, Abhishek and Mats will help her in determining agenda.
   * Face-to-face session for osg vo:
      * Will Abhishek be able to attend? Chris will not.

Abhishek will continue reports to area coordinators. 

---++ Face to face at BNL.

Idea is for OSG staff to address user issues

*Engagement discussion*:  1.5 hours first thing Tuesday AM.
   * needs to convey...
      * how Engagement transitions users into own VO
      * whether they become their own VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo or part of another
      * troubleshooting issues and how they inform future POW.
   * Mats will present; Greg to provide Mats with details.

*OSG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo/EDU VO joint discussion*:  1.5 hours after Engagement
   * Ruth to report on osg, Alina on edu.

<< *Discussion on progression of and relationship between  these VOs:*   Does Engage help user to get to osg VO (who helps, but less)?  Meat for another discussion... >>

*Interoperability*
   * Burt can help discussions but can't necessarily come. - doesn't see much interest in from users not already involved.

---+++ Action items

[MP] will get talking points from Burt and think about this further.


---++ ITB VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Validation

---+++ Action items

---++ Storage

   * Abishek: Going well and we have enough input from non-LCG VOs; Anand offered to help as part of troubleshooting.

---+++ Action items

---++ Specific VOs

---+++ OSG VO 

---++++ Action items.


---+++ Engage

*Engagement Applications Status:*  Greg's working on 3 apps:

*FEFF* (material science):
   * having trouble becoming grid-enabled;
   * Engage is doing much of the work; they're willing to help a bit, but don't have necessary skills.
   * We're modifying MPI to a master worker framework.
   * Greg will talk to Miron and John to determine feasibility of enabling this app.
   * Need someone with Fortran experience.
   * What is the metric where we "say no" to applications coming to the table?

*UW Synergy group* (Engineering)
   * having some of the same issues as those above.
   * MCMT (Synergy): just started; not clear whether MPI needed yet.

*UW Independent researcher* Jenny Reid (also Engineering):
   * running locally; hoping to run on OSG w/i 1 month; doesn't need MPI.

*Others:*
   * PNNL: lost interest
   * ICECUBE: "need for more resources didn't overcome reluctance to make them grid-aware."  Now running on GLOW (jobs not submitted to gatekeeper, thus not counted as OSG).

*Problem with researchers "losing interest"*
   * Mats has seen as well, even when we've made it very easy.  People are getting resources elsewhere.
   * Chris sees same thing in osg VO.


---++++ Action items.

[MR] to bring up loss of interest at Users Meeting.


---+++ OSGEDU 

---++++ Action items.

---+++ General VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Usage

 

---++++ NERSC & NCSA

 
---++++ Action items.


---++ Any other business


---+++ Action items

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 15 May 2008%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock (Minutes) - 17 May 2008