%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985971" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/08/21
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time.

Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111.

---+++ Present
   * Joel Snow (Dzero) 
   * Andrew Baranovski (Dzero/OSG Storage) 
   * Steve Clark (nanoHUB) 
   * Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage) 
   * Anand Padmanabhan (CIGI) 
   * Britta Daudert (OSG User Group) 
   * Mats Rynge (OSG Engagement) 
   * Maxim Potekhin (OSG User Group) 
   * Abhishek Singh Rana (OSG User Group) 
   * Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications) 

---++ Agenda

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow & Andrew Baranovski), and related work with OSG Storage
   * [[D0Notes][View complete discussion as summarized by Abhishek]] 
   * Goal: 
      * Improve efficiency of D0's utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Declare any final limitations, after 1-2 Quarters. 
   * Ongoing D0 analysis: 
      * http://www-d0.fnal.gov/~snow/jobscan/effs.html 
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot2days.html 
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot4days.html 
   * Recommendation for USCMS sites: http://datagrid.ucsd.edu/opportunistic 

---+++ nanoHUB (Steve Clark), and related work with OSG Accounting

   * [[NanohubNotes][View complete discussion as summarized by Abhishek]] 
   * Goals: 
      * Understand possibility of different conventions, and thus variations in job accounting; nanoHUB vis-a-vis Gratia. 
      * Try to diagnose causes of low job success rates. 
      * Suggest, and move forward, measures to improve job success rates, i.e., nanoHUB efficiency. Encourage nanoHUB to increase utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Solicit nanoHUB's citing OSG usage in publications and in scientific results. 

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items

   * [MR, MP] MPI, NERSC & NCSA 
      * %GREEN% Work ongoing with Engagement, GIP, ReSS, GOC, and MPI sites. %ENDCOLOR% 
      * %GREEN% Ball in Purdue's (MPI site) and Engage team's court. No new updates. %ENDCOLOR% 
   * [MP]: PANDA configuration, use and availability. 
      * <font color="#0000cd" class="WYSIWYG_COLOR">%GREEN%VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo information in Panda: VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS/GIP aggregation to be fed into Panda DBs%ENDCOLOR%</font> 
      * %GREEN%new user-level monitoring -- work resumed%ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ Miscellaneous VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo related issues
   * LIGO and Gratia reporting: results of investigation. 
   * LIGO and _Einstein at Home_ troubleshooting efforts. 

---+++ USERS Message Board/Forum

%GREEN%GOC ticket submitted; original lost. Hoping to be ready by 8/28 <br />%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ Redirecting WIKI page%NAVY% !UserSupport --> !UserGroup%ENDCOLOR%

%GREEN%Completed, by Marcia. <br />%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Any other business

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 20 Aug 2008%BR% -- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008
