%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1219698096" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/08/07
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/06/12 at *13:30 Chicago time*.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech) 
   * [[Main.Anand.Padmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC) 
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL). 
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI). 
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD). 
   * %BLUE%[[Main.Marcia.Teckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]]%ENDCOLOR% (FNAL) 
   * Joel Snow (D0) SNOW at FNAL dot GOV 
   * Dick Greenwood, GREENW at PHYS dot LATECH dot EDU (DOSAR) 

---++ Agenda

---++++ Action items from last telecon

%BLUE%MPI <br />%ENDCOLOR%

Abhishek to send e-mail to ENGAGE/OSG/CAMPUS INFRASTRUCTURE colaborative efforts concerning MPI projects %GREEN%Done%ENDCOLOR%

Marcia to send MPI report to OSG executive board (cc OSG-USERS-GROUP) %GREEN%Done%ENDCOLOR%

%BLUE%Message Board%ENDCOLOR%

%GREEN%Tested by Britta, Abhishek, Maxim%ENDCOLOR%

%BLUE%OSG blueprint%ENDCOLOR%

Abhishek to write and distribute an e-mail with goals %GREEN%Done%ENDCOLOR%

%BLUE%Join the osg pages%ENDCOLOR%

USERS Group members to look at these pages and give input. %GREEN%Done%ENDCOLOR%

<br />Abhishek to send email to TROUBLESHOOTING to start process of collaboration between TS, UG, ENGAGEMENT & EDUCATION. %GREEN%Not done but not necessary according to Abhishek because of Blueprint meeting held%ENDCOLOR%

%BLUE%Redirecting Wiki page%ENDCOLOR% UserSupport --> UserGroup

%GREEN% --> Marcia will work on this over next couple weeks.%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ MPI
 Mats and John not actively looking for new MPI projects

-->%GREEN% if users ask for help, Mats and John support <br /> --> Mats to let USERS Group know if help needed%ENDCOLOR%

Site information database for MPI resources needed --> %GREEN%general comment, Purdue is working on this%ENDCOLOR%
---++++ Action Items

---+++ USERS Message Board/Forum

Update: 
%GREEN%

-- would be nice but not possible with current setup

--Marcia looked at hyper mail --mybe later

-- Kyle needs to install it in correct place but test version is running

--Time Frame: end of next week 
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ Action Items

---+++ OSG Blueprint meeting recap

Summary of M/T/W needed%GREEN% --> Mats and Abhishek volunteered%ENDCOLOR% 
%GREEN%

Britta wrote [[UserSupportMeeting20080731#Summary_of_OSG_blueprint_meeting][summary for Thursday/Friday]] in last weeks meeting page
---++++ 
%ENDCOLOR% 
---++++ Action Items
   1 Britta to get in contact with VO contacts within 6 weeks 
   1 Cleanup VO list (establish status, are they still a VO, actively running science, remove who's 'dead') 
   1 Within two month: list of VOs categorized (active, pending, dead, .... Categories to be determined by us (A & B)) 
%GREEN%

-- Britta to get in contact with Shaowen to get list of 'contact-less' VO's

-- Dick to send report from F2F Council meeting to Britta/Abhishek 
%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ VO representative discussion
---++++ Topics of Interest
   * D0 efficiency issue (Joel Snow) 

-%GREEN%

- Joel is satisied with progress

-- efficiency problems are worked on by D0 directly, a lot of the problems are VO specific

-- Joel does not see how OSG can help further

-- SamGrid not 100% reliable when providing status reports

-- Plots look good

-- SRM used at several sites

-- Marcia to write summary report

--Joel to speak once a month on progress 
%ENDCOLOR%

   * Dick Greenwood from DOSAR joined 

-%GREEN%

- OSG council F2F last week --VO reps should call in to USER GROUP meetings

-- Calls in as Dosar representative

-- Dosar is D0, Atlas, CMS collaboration, now also groups from Mississippi, Sao Paulo, South Africa

-- Horst Severini is contact for DOSAR applications running on OSG 
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Any other business
%GREEN%

--Marcia and Britta to tlk offline about weekly agenda

--Abhishek and Britta to talk offline today at 1:00pm about blueprint action items and other general USERS group related issues 
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ Action Items

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 05 Aug 2008%BR% -- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008
