%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010163" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/06/21

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/06/21 at 11am CDT.<br>
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; Karan Vahi (Pegasus); Mats Rynge.
<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; -->

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]];
<!-- [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; Ewa Deelman; Karan Vahi. -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from last week.

   * Chris produced a [[UsersMeetingTalksContactList][talks contact table]]: discuss and fill in (see agenda item).
   * Bruno's registration fixed; VO package still not out.
   * Chris can confirm Gratia services have been updated and now include VO correction tables for more informative usage plots.
   * Abhishek has produced a draft of the Users' Survey.

---++++ Action

   * Chris still needs to close the loop with Doug, Leesa and Preston S. regarding MPI.
   * Chris still to do more research into BDII/LDAP/ReSS.
   * Chris still to follow up with Frank to see if Condor 6.8.4 bug applies to his problem also.
   * Abhishek still to follow up with ATLAS.
   * Chris to contact Juan Carlos to encourage registration in =osg:/osg/IceCube=.
   * Chris to look into SQUID discovery and access at sites.

---+++ Discussion with Karan regarding Pegasus presentation at UM.

----++++ Discussion

   * We learned a little bit more about Pegasus and LIGO: basically Pegasus have recently added several features aimed specifically at LIGO's OSG needs:
      * Workspace cleanup during workflow.
      * OSG site layout
      * Trash/Integration with VORS
   * Also working on optimizing local FS usage for file writing.
   * Karan will be visiting !CalTech in July and will discuss with them.
   * Britta (surname) is the new David Meyers, also getting a new hire.
   * Interested in gLexec: Pegasus supports glideins but doesn't have factory functionality.
   * Attending for both days.
   * Chris asked Karan to register with Indico.

----++++ Action

   * Karan to present at meeting.
   * Karan to register.
   * Karan to visit !CalTech and discuss.

----+++ Users' Meeting

----++++ Discussion

   * Went through [[UsersMeetingTalksContactList][talks contact table]], refined and apportioned tasks.
   * Information discovery presentation (BDII, VORS, !ReSS, Gratia) to be given by Chris rather than multiple people.
   * Refinement and clarification of some items, including discussion session.
   * Mats asked:
      * Accommodation recommendations?
      * Lab access rules for foreigners?

----++++ Action

   * All: follow up on owned items in [[UsersMeetingTalksContactList][talks contact table]].
   * Chris: research and write talk on information discovery.
   * Chris: find the answers to Mats questions.

----+++ User Survey.

----++++ Discussion

   * Chris reported that services are upgraded, including VO correction table; still some issues with specific VO mappings: Chris to discuss with Philippe.
   * Discussion of layout: questions to lead usage graphs; use TWiki forms if not too difficult.

----++++ Action

   * Chris: discuss more VO mapping corrections with Philippe.
   * Chris & Abhishek: tweak survey page and include forms if not too tricky.

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

None.

---+++ Other current issues

   * Chris talked to Frank about Condor 6.8.4 bug and whether this would explain what he was seeing; possibly.

---+++ AOB.

None.


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 22 Jun 2007