%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445887" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/06/05
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/06/05 at <strong>13:30 Chicago time</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech)
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC)
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL)
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   
---++ Agenda

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO Security Contact security training.%GREEN% Mine & Ruth updated VO list; Mine is preparing for trining at BNL; [RP] will review training success.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [MP]: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability.
      * %GREEN%.work is currently in progress to create a better user interface %ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment.
   * %BLUE%[RP]%ENDCOLOR%: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access.
      * %GREEN%[RP] will take over and contact Rob.
       No action yet -- need to ping once more.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item--no response%ENDCOLOR%
   * [AR]: watch MPI advertising / EGEE thread.
      * %GREEN%Thread currently moribund.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Partly resolved%ENDCOLOR%
      * %Abhishek to look at e-mail thread and send update to Anand and get involvement fro USERS%
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET.
   * %BLUE%[RP]%ENDCOLOR%: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- [RP] to pick this up.  Talking to Purdue to see if they can dedicate more effort here; will also approach Troubleshooting.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item.%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Face to face at BNL.
    %BLUE%
   * Semi-Final agenda sent by MP
   * Security discussion still needs to be fleshed-out.
   * Engagement discussion
      * Allow a few minutes to discuss use cases for each of the following:
         * Godelier Wallem, New Jersey Institute of Technology (working with Sebastien)
         * Baber Racinco from GridPlexus (first commercial resource provider).
         * Discussion about SBGrid and work with Engagement.  I. Stokes-Reese will be at meeting.  Email thread with the Documentation group may be useful--start after Users Meeting.
   * Troubleshooting session still not structured; needs to be half an hour shorter.
   * Discussion needed--effort needed to work through MPI issues with NCSA.
   * Britta will lead lightning discussion on goals and aims of UG
   %ENDCOLOR%

---++++ Action items
    
   %BLUE%
   * [RP] to discuss issue of initial contact and SBGrid assistance w/ Miron and John Trash.ManagementMcGee.
 
   * [MA] to provide details for Security session

   * [AR] to provide talking points to MP for Troubleshooting session.

   * [MP] to flip Alina and Mat's sessions so that discussion follows presentation; add 1/2 an hour to Engagement session and remove same from Troubleshooting; add Britta's lightning talk on goals and aims/clarification.
     %ENDCOLOR%
---+++ STORAGE
   %BLUE%
   * Abhishek reports that 6 out of 12 sites participated in testing SRM-based SEs.   (2 of them ATLAS & CMS). SRMv2 client functions have been tested.
  %ENDCOLOR%

---+++ MPI, NERSC & NCSA

%BLUE%
Ruth concerned we are falling behind, and we're getting feedback from DOE that we should be using NCSA resources more.  
   * Is there are lack of applications or lack or effort?  Answer:  Both.
   * Need dedicated help in this area, but from where?  Est. 3-6 mos. FTE expected.  Maybe Preston can help? 
   * Need to identify which forum is needed to discuss this further.
   * Everyone needs to plan for effort for next year, including in this area, BUT...
   * ... is this a Users Group or Engagement item?  Discuss at and Blueprint meetings.
 %ENDCOLOR%
---++++ Action items
 
---+++ Any other business
%BLUE%
   * Which mailing list should UG meeting announcements go to?  Answer: osg-users
  %ENDCOLOR%

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 19 May 2008%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 05 Jun 2008:  Minutes



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008
