%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466100394" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/07/10
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/06/12 at *13:30 Chicago time*.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech) 
   * [[Main.Anand.Padmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC) 
   * [[Main.Marcia.Teckenbrock] Marcia Teckenbrock (FNAL)
   * Preston Smith, Andy Howard (Purdue) 

---++ Agenda

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items

   * [RP] MPI, NERSC & NCSA 
      * Need dedicated help in this area; %BLUE%Preston and Andy can help.%ENDCOLOR% 
      * ... is this a Users Group or Trash/Engagement item? Discuss at and Trash/Blueprint meetings 
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO Security Contact security training.%GREEN% Mine & Ruth updated VO list; Mine is preparing for training at BNL; [RP] will review training success.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [MP]: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability. 
      * %GREEN%.work is currently in progress to create a better user interface %ENDCOLOR% 
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment. 
   * [RP]: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access. 
      * %GREEN%[RP] will take over and contact Rob.%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item--no response%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET. 
   * [RP]: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs 
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- [RP] to pick this up. Talking to Purdue to see if they can dedicate more effort here; will also approach Troubleshooting.%ENDCOLOR% 

---++++ Last weeks Action items

* %BLACK%Britta to e-mail Matts and Mine to obtain summary reports of BNL%ENDCOLOR%%BLUE% F2F -%ENDCOLOR%<font color="limegreen">Done</font>

* %BLACK%Abhishek to start e-mail thread with Miron about responsibilities of USERS group%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ USERS Message Board/Forum

Marcia:

-- committment from the "experts"--making sure people are being answered promptly and completely; 

-- advertising

Maxim/Torre:

-- HyperNews, php-Nuke , phpBB

---+++++ Action Items

[MT] to investigate products above. 
---++++ VO representative discussion
---+++++ Topics of Interest

%BLUE% %ENDCOLOR%

-- *LIGO and ReSS*: problems with ReSS queries partially resolved (3-4 remain; 4-5 resolved). Gratia: Britta to go to <a target="_blank" href="http://gratia-osg.fnal.gov:8880/gratia-reporting/">Gratia monitoring page</a>

-- *VO survey*: world-writable grid3_locations.txt: File used mostly by CMS & ATLAS; exists for historical reasons; if you don't know about it, it probably doesn't affect you; generally getting away from world-writable files. 
---++++ How to obtain support for your VO from a site 

skip until Mats present. 
---+++++ Action Items

---++++ WIKI page setup: Software requirements of VOs

skip until Abhishek present. 
---+++++ Action Items

---++++ Any other business

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 26 Jun 2008<br />-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 10 Jul 2008 (Minutes)%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Aug 2008
