%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285708" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/12/13

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/12/13 at <strong>noon CDT</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).

<!--
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).

---+++ Apologies

-->

---++ Agenda

<ul>
  <li>Round-table from Ruth asking about people's expectations and feelings about the User Groups' activities.</li>
  <li>Britta mentioned that she so far hadn't been aware of her upcoming task for OSG 1.0 validation. Chris will make the [[Trash/OSGReports.UpdateWbs][WBS link]] available on the [[UsefulDocsAndLinks][Internal documentation and links]] page.</li>
  <li>Ruth asked about the distinction between "users" and "VO"s, and where the UGCT's focus should be. Liaison with security officer?</li>
  <li>Question about the VO TWiki page and whether it comes under the purview of UGCT</li>
  <li>Consensus is that the "VO-spotlight" meetings were useful and should be revived.</li>
  <li>Question over whether UGCT should provide forum for sub-VO groups of OSG VOs (Engage, osgedu, OSG) to communicate.</li>
  <li>Discussion of possible "user workshop" modeled on recent LIGO workshop; participants might include:
  <ul>
    <li><nop>ReSS</li>
    <li>WMS experts (PANDA, Glidein/WMS, Pegasus, gLexec)</li>
    <li>Condor</li>
    <li>Storage</li>
    <li>Security</li>
    <li>Sites</li>
    <li>VOMRS</li>
    <li>VOMS</li>
  </ul>
  Workshop might be an adjunct to either a users' face-to-face meeting or the all-hands.</li>
  <li>Need to come up with proposed dates soon for the face-to-face in mid'08 and get approval from the ET.</li>
</ul>

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 13 Dec 2007