%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985972" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/06/28

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/06/28 at 11am CDT.<br>
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]];[[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]]; Bruno Goncalves; [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]].

<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] -->

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]].
<!-- [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; Ewa Deelman; Karan Vahi. -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from last week.

   * Chris has more news regarding VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo translation tables: although the tables exist, reports do not use them yet. Sorry for getting hopes up.
   * Answers to Mats' questions: info request sent to local admin; waiting for answers.
   * Chris looked at the user survey answer table construction and has a couple of suggested tweaks: see the [[UserSurveyATLAS][ATLAS user survey]] for an example.

---++++ Action

   * Chris still needs to close the loop with Doug, Leesa and Preston S. regarding MPI.
   * Chris still to do more research into BDII/LDAP/ReSS.
   * Abhishek still to follow up with ATLAS.
   * Chris to contact Juan Carlos to encourage registration in =osg:/osg/IceCube=.
   * Chris to look into SQUID discovery and access at sites.

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

---++++ Bruno Goncalves' firewall issues.

   * Basically encountering GAHP errors on his local node when firewall is active despite port range specification. Disabling firewall cures the problem so it does seem to be firewall-related.
   * Suggested to turn on logging in firewall; Bruno researching how to do this efficiently and with as little extraneous loggin as possible to avoid a forest / trees problem.

---++++ Action

   * Anand and Shaowen: continue working with Bruno.
   * Bruno: add useful logging to firewall config and continue working with Anand and Shoewen.

---+++ STAR

No response from any email recipients, so no attendance from STAR.

---++++ Action

   * Abhishek: ask Torre to follow up with Jerome.

----+++ Users' Meeting

----++++ Discussion

   * Discussed contact list:
      * Frank sent email saying no movement on his entries yet, hoping to catch up on action items today.
      * Chris has assent from all but one of his entries -- expecting to contact Nickolai today.
      * Abhishek has emails out; waiting for response.
   * Chris suggested sending out a send call by email to the usual lists.
   * Chris & Abhishek both agreed on the need to have the Indico agenda up to date before sending out the second call.

----++++ Action

   * Chris: research and write talk on information discovery.

----+++ User Survey.

----++++ Discussion

   * Discussed Chris' suggestions; Abhishek agreed they were useful.

----++++ Action

   * Abhishek: incorporate table config changes into all surveys and send out email announcing the survey.

---+++ Other current issues

None.

---+++ AOB.

None.


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 28 Jun 2007