%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1329928352" format="1.1" reprev="1.7" version="1.7"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/06/26
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/06/12 at <strong>13:30 Chicago time</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech)
   * [[Main.Anand.Padmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC)
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * Ian Stokes-Rees (SBGrid).
   * Steven Clark (nanoHUB)

---++ Agenda

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items

   * [RP]  MPI, NERSC & NCSA
      * Need dedicated help in this area, but from where?  Est. 3-6 mos. FTE expected.  Maybe Preston can help?
      * ... is this a Users Group or Engagement item?  Discuss at and Blueprint meetings
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO Security Contact security training.%GREEN% Mine & Ruth updated VO list; Mine is preparing for training at BNL; [RP] will review training success.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [MP]: offline technical discussion on PANDA configuration, use and availability.
      * %GREEN%.work is currently in progress to create a better user interface %ENDCOLOR%
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment.
   * [RP]: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access.
      * %GREEN%[RP] will take over and contact Rob.%ENDCOLOR%
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item--no response%ENDCOLOR%
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET.
   * [RP]: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- [RP] to pick this up.  Talking to Purdue to see if they can dedicate more effort here; will also approach Troubleshooting.%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Face to face at BNL.
   * [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceOtherViews.py?view=standard&confId=1683][Agenda]]
   

    
---++++ Summary Report

---+++++ Day 1

  *  OSG and VO Security Policies and Issues

   
---+++++ Day 2

  * OSG User Group

      * Mission Statement: Liason between VOs and OSG executive Board

      * What is a USER?

      * Responsibilities of the USERS Group:
   
         * VO validation of ITB

         * Gather information on software requirements from VOs, propose changes/additions to VDT, follow up on implementation

         * Gather stakeholder feedback through surveys

         * Accelerate drive to enable science on the grid

         * MPI advertisement and support

         * SRM advertisement and support
    
         * Drive to engage VOs in running their applications on OSG sites other than their own      

  * OSG, Engagement and EDU VO

---++++ Action items

  * %BLUE%Britta to e-mail Matts and Mine to obtain summary reports of BNL F2F%ENDCOLOR%

  * %BLUE%Abhishek to start e-mail thread with Miron about responsibilities of USERS group%ENDCOLOR%


 
   * Where do we go from here?

   * %GREEN%New action items %ENDCOLOR%
   
       * %BLUE%USERS group message board/forum %ENDCOLOR%

       * %BLUE%Add new VO item to agenda where VOs can discuss topics of interest%ENDCOLOR%
    
       * %BLUE%How to obtain VO support from a site%ENDCOLOR%
   
       * %BLUE%WIKI page: software requirements of VOs%ENDCOLOR%

        * %BLUE%Consolidate future planning with VDT%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ ReSS queries

  * A simple ReSS query does not return results at 12 out of 28

 ---++++ Action items

  * Britta contacted Gabriele for clarification

     * %BLUE%Britta to send e-mail to Anand%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Gratia reporting

  * Is it working properly?

     * %BLUE%VOs should double check that their jobs are accounted for properly%ENDCOLOR%
   
     * %BLUE%Britta to send e-mail to Gratia accounting e-mail list to ask for status of affairs%ENDCOLOR%
            

---+++ Any other business
