%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445887" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/09/06

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/09/06 at %RED% *noon CDT* %ENDCOLOR%.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL). 
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD). 
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech). 
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL). 

<!--
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC).
--> <!--

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
-->

<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]]; [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]]; [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]]; Lynn Garren -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from previous meetings

   * Abhishek: continuing efforts on VO validation. 

---++++ Action

   * Chris: re-schedule !IceCube discussion for when Juan Carlos and Steve Barnett can attend. 
   * Chris: distill the wrap-up items into well-defined issues for discussion with EB. 
   * Chris: investigate ways of representing the users' concerns on preemption and long suspensions to the facilities group. 
   * Britta: will investigate incorporating !ReSS into LIGO workflow. 
   * All: report !ReSS advertising inconsistencies and outages when they occur. 
   * Chris: continue efforts to maintain and improve support of OSG VO after demise of old server. 

---+++ !IceCube

   * No-one from !IceCube present; no response to mails. 

---+++ MPI

---++++ Discussion

   * Mats not around this week. 
   * Chris gave Maxim some background and asked if he'd be able to help Mars, Shreyas and Preston. 

---++++ Action

   * Maxim: make contact with Mats 

---+++ Any Other Business

   * Maxim: talk to Abhishek to see if he needs help with VO validation. 

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 06 Sep 2007
