%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1329422294" format="1.1" reprev="1.9" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
https://www.opensciencegrid.org/images/logo_osg_02.gif
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top" bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> VO and User Support </h1></td></tr>

</td>
</tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>



---+++ %ORANGE% *Our Mission and Focus* %ENDCOLOR%

%ICON{stargold}% __The goal of User Support is to enable new communities to quickly adopt the OSG DHTC model and to improve productivity for all VOs as OSG service capabilities evolve__

---+++ %ICON{led-blue}% %ORANGE% *Who are we:* %ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ %ICON{led-blue}% %ORANGE% *How to contact us:* %ENDCOLOR% 
%BLACK% Please send mail to [[mailto:user-support@opensciencegrid.org][User Support]] or please view the VO Forum [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Meetings][Website]]%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ %BLACK% *Meetings* %ENDCOLOR%

The VO Forum is a periodic phone call with the primary purpose of assisting VOs and User Groups in efficiently accomplishing their science.  Via these calls we work to understand the computation goals of the community, understand issues and challenges, and develop paths for resolving issues and providing consulting help for the user community.                                                                         
 [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Meetings][These meeting are typically held every other week at 1:30pm central time.]]    

The User Support Group holds bi-weekly team meetings to review progress on the work program described below; these are typically every other Tuesday at 1pm central and meeting notices are sent out to the team.

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td center-align="top" bgcolor=#ff6600 colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> Active Projects with Stakeholders </h1></td></tr>

</td>
</tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0">
| *Name* | *OSG Community Contact* | *VO Contact* |           
| NEES | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | To Follow  |    
| DES | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | To Follow  |    
| LSST | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | To Follow  |   
| EIC | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | To Follow  |  
| Baker Lab | [[mailto:rynge@isi.edu][Mats Rynge]] | To Follow  |    
| PNNL/Belle | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | To Follow  |    
| SLAC | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | To Follow  |  
| !SuperB | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | To Follow  |  
| Oregon State University | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | To Follow  |  
| Geant4 | [[mailto:tlevshin@fnal.gov][Tanya Levshina]] | To Follow  |    


<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top" bgcolor=#ff6600 colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> New Capabilities and Technology  </h1></td></tr>

</td>
</tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
| *Name* | *OSG Community Contact* |       
| [[OSGasXsedeSp][OSG as XSEDE SP]] | [[mailto:rynge@isi.edu][Mats Rynge]] |    
| [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/IRODSOSG][Public Storage]] | [[mailto:tlevshin@fnal.gov][Tanya Levshina]] |     
| Cross-OSG-CE | To Follow |   


<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top" bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> Projects in Planning Stages </h1></td></tr>

</td>
</tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
| *Name* | *OSG Community Contact* | *VO Contact* |           
| To Follow | To Follow | To Follow  |    


<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top" bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> Historical Projects </h1></td></tr>

</td>
</tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
| *Name* | *Information* |   
| To Follow | To Follow | 





        






-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 07 Feb 2012
