%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1241122972" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | April 30, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Alina Bejan (OSG EOT), Steve Clark (nanoHUB), Britta Daudert (VO Group in OSG), Jeff !DeReus (GROW), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG), Neha Sharma (OSG Storage), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Comm)

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090423][Weekly Forum: April 23]]

---+ Agenda

---++ VOs in focus


---+++ !CompBioGrid
Not present.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)
   * IU ticket from last week resolved; new GOC ticket open for Nebraska (can't get files from storage).

   * There is a patch on one LSF jobmanager; D0 is not experiencing any problems and wonders what the process to patch all will be.

   * OSG - !TeraGrid gateway: success was one script submitted and outputs returned. The appropriate folks at D0 have been contacted; a method is being investigated to have jobs submitted through this gateway in a way similar to the way jobs are submitted to the LCG.

   * D0 production has been good. There are still some inefficiencies due to limits ofremote SAM caches. D0 does need more sites (work in progress). Up to 10M events have been processed, thanks to extra CMS slots. There was a large hardware overhaul to disentangled MC production and data production.

   * Update on running on CMS sites: LIGO also had problems and generated a ticket. Michael Thomas responded with an explanation of CMS's policy on job eviction which is used for all CMS sites. Britta will email Dan Frasier and include Joel, Abhishek, Steve Clark, and Miron, to determine whether this policy can be changed or whether there is a workaround. Findings will be announced to all !VOs.  

---+++GPN
Not present.

---+++ !GUGrid
Not present.

Arnie has been replaced by Stephen Moore. David Cafaro is the VO representative attending this meeting. Alina wonders whether !GUGrid's work with Education team  is ongoing. Education team will provide more guidance if needed.   

---+++GROW (Jeff DeReus)
   * Test users have not been available; Jeff will do some testing himself. Work on bringing up fedex and bestman SRMs. Will not have much disk space to start (~3TB?)

   * We will put Jeff in touch with Engagement/CI folks to help with campus engagement.

---+++ !IceCube
Not present.

---+++ !Fermi-VO 
Not present.

---+++ !nanoHUB (Steve Clark)
   * Things are moving slowly.

   * Joint task force ending around end of May. There is a meeting at Fermilab next week with Steve, Abhishek, and members of Condor, FermiGrid, and Engagement.
 
   * Job pre-emption management is the biggest issue; current approach is to closely monitor and send such jobs elsewhere. 

   * running 5-6 different apps, and plan to do more. Will test whether failure rate is proportionate to job volume.
  
---++ AOB

---+++ VORS deprication
   * Waiting for report from GOC. 

   * Steve Clark requests and XMS reader or something to understand the file's structure.

   * Britta reports that LIGO has been contacted by GOC to determine whether they can get same info from new system they were getting from VORS. (Don't know answer.)

---+++ OSG VO Group milestones
   * VO success stories, use cases, etc., can be brought to attention of David Ritchie (OSG Communications), who will then determine how to promote. 

      * Marcia will start email thread regarding OSG - !TeraGrid gateway; article may be premature.

      * Future news items include nanoHUB (after task force ends) and GROW.

   * Communications and VO groups would appreciate knowing about scientific publications from groups that have made use of the OSG.
  
   * David Ritchie should email Alina for specific info he wants from her.

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 29 Apr 2009 %BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 30 Apr 2009