%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1309273419" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | June 30, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

<!-- Dan Bradley, Gabriele Garzoglio, Kyle Gross, Tanya Levshina, Marco Mambelli, John McGee, Chander Sehgal, Marko Slyz, Joel Snow,  Ian Stokes-Rees, Doug Strain, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm -->

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110623][Weekly Forum: June 23]] 

---++ Announcements



---++  Presentations

---+++ Community Packaging (transition from Pacman to native packaging) -  Alain Roy

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/CommunityPackagingProposal][Overview of Community Packaging Approach]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/NPTransition][Native Packaging Transition]] (draft)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/RPMDevelopmentGuide][VDT RPM Development Guide]] (draft)


---+++ GLOW - Dan Bradley

---+++ !SBGrid - Ian Stokes-Rees


---++  Open Forum



---++ AOB








-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 03 Jun 2011