%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1254434804" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | October 1, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Jon Bednasz, Dennis Box, Peter Doherty, Alisa Neeman, Abishek Singh Rana, Horst Severini, Neha Sharma, Joel Snow, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090924][Weekly Forum: September 24]] 

---++ Announcements:

Year 4 of OSG formally beginning next week; Abhishek will send email to list with all documents provided by VOs last year. Will follow up with each VO in next year regarding plans (focus on operational plans and issues). 

---++ Security 

Nothing to report.

---++ Storage (Neha Sharma)

DESY will soon release dCache-1.9.5 , which is the golden release. OSG Storage will test it once it is available and provide it through new VDT-dCache package. 

---++ Communications 

Nothing to report.

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

SL4-SL5 migration: Will set up a queue to do SL5 testing, so things moving along. Dennis will let us know if any issues are slipping through.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Had a problem over the weekend which was resolved when Joel installed software that does asynchronous deleting. UCSD jobs seem to have problems (Abhishek notes a recent major upgrade to site storage which has caused slowness. May be related.)

GOC Ticket #7295 (Fermilab INC7225): RSV was not reporting on MSU-OSG-
was recently closed out. 
GOC Ticket #7032 (Fermilab INC3795): MSU not reporting to ReSS- also closed.

No response from appropriate individuals. Joel will talk to those involved. 

---+++ !Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

Met w/ Jim Weichel (Documentation task force lead) and demonstrated how to change a cluster. Steve still needs to change the twiki documentation.

Project members of SVOPME (software to check VO privileges at remote sites) met with people at Fermilab. Fermilab testing software to see if viable.

SL4-SL5 migration: Fermi VO hasn't started migration yet. Other folks manage worker nodes and have final say. 

Sub VOs of Fermi-VO should be included in our annual reports to agencies.

---+++ GPN

Not present

---+++ !IceCube

Not present

---+++ !nanoHUB

Not present

---+++ !NYSGrid (Jon Bednasz & Alisa Neeman)

Work kickstarted. Alisa is a scientific programmer working on !HUBzero (which !nanoHUB successfully used in past).  groups seem interested now, though still at the early stages.

---+++ !SBGRID/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

1 new user (NMR-nuclear magnetic resonance) this week who has lots to run; program runs across own db; working on workflow; should be started soon.

Missed out on submitting plans and requests from stakeholders. Input from Peter, Ian, Piotr would be welcome.

Will have sub VOs in future? Is being considered, but don't have full plan yet.

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Workshop in Sao Paolo last week. Horst represented OSG as part of US-Brazil collaboration. !GridUNESP (multidiscipline/state-level effort) was inaugurated. 7 clusters brought online w/ media involved. Core cluster at Sao Paolo. Determining now what needs to be accomplished now. In December, Horst will return and continue helping. Starting as VO, but eventually may want to be state grid.

Will use DOSAR VOMS server to get certificate until VO is operational. DOSAR moving VOMS server from UT Arlington to DOSAR.org domain at LA Tech.

Issue: U of Johannesburg not showing up as a member of OSG (shows up fine in OIM): Update: Marcia has added to web page list of members.

---++ AOB




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 30 Sep 2009