%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1314289777" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | August 25 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110818][Weekly Forum: August 18]] 

---++ Announcements


---++  Presentations

---+++ [[%ATTACHURL%/CIGI_VOForum_25aug2011.pdf][CIGI VO Presentation]] - Shaowen Wang

---+++ VDT Moving to RPMs - Alain Roy

*A status report and request for help*

(Last presented at the [[VOGroupMeeting20110630][June 30th]] meeting.)

Background reading from the OSG Site Admin meeting in August:
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/materialDisplay.py?contribId=4&sessionId=0&materialId=slides&confId=4531][Alain's plenary talk on the RPM transition]]
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/materialDisplay.py?contribId=17&sessionId=3&materialId=slides&confId=4531][Alain's technical description of installing RPMs]]

---++++ What I really want you to know

If you remember nothing else from this meeting, remember this:

<blockquote>
   * We are stopping new Pacman-based releases of the VDT.
   * By December 2011, we will provide RPMs for most of the VDT.
</blockquote>

Let's flesh that out a bit.

*1. We are stopping new Pacman-based releases of the VDT.*
   a. The existing Pacman caches will remain as long as needed (a year or more)
   a. We will do urgent updates as necessary. (Urgent means “security” or “really important”)

*2. By December 2011, we will provide RPMs for most of the VDT.*
   a. Supported OSes: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, Scientific Linux 5, CentOS 5, 32 & 64 bit
   a. Included: 
      * VOMS
      * Worker node client & glexec
      * Client
      * CE & RSV
      * Bestman & XRootd
   a. Not included (yet):
      * GUMS
      * Gratia Collector

We will consider other OSes (RHEL 6? Debian 6?) and other software packages in early 2012

Why are we doing this? Our [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/CommunityPackagingProposal][Principle of Community Packaging]]. That is:

<blockquote>
*Principle of Community Packaging:* <br>
The OSG Software Team should be a good community citizen when it comes to packaging: When possible, we should use packages from existing and/or broader communities; when that is not possible, we should make our own packaging but contribute them back to the broader communities. Therefore, we should package software only when one of the following is true:

   1. The software is not already packaged; or 
   1. The software is packaged but needs significant changes to be acceptable to our users. (Different version, extra patches, etc...)

Otherwise we should use the existing packaging provided by external developers or software repositories.
</blockquote>

In other words:
   * *Borrow:* The VDT should borrow packages from the larger community whenever possible.
   * *Contribute:* The VDT should contribute packages to the larger community whenever possible.
   * *Accept Donations:* The VDT should make it easy for people to donate packages to the VDT.

If interested, I can elaborate on:
   * Technical details (use of EPEL, when we copy software into the VDT repository and when we use it from somewhere else)
   * How we will test and verify that we work with the latest system releases.
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/RPMTimeline][Our timeline for work]]

---++++ Where I need your help

Beginning in late September/early August, we will be doing extensive testing in the Integration Testbed (ITB). Because so much of our infrastructure has changed, we need to be extra thorough before we declare this to be the recommended software release. We need your help in two ways:

   1. *Install a pre-release Compute Element:* If you run an OSG site and you have enough hardware to provide an extra Compute Element, you can help verify the new CE works as expected, and you can add your site to the integration testbed. This will provide additional resources for testing. 
   1. *Try out your scientific workflow on the ITB:* It would be incredibly valuable for you to try out your scientific workflow on the existing ITB sites even if you upgrade no software. Your software _should_ work without changes, but if it doesn't we want to fix the problems as soon as possible. 

Our integration testbed testing will begin in mid-September and finish at the end of November. This is not a very long time because it always takes a while to get everyone up to speed. The earlier you can participate in the ITB testing, the better we will all be. 

---++  Open Forum




---++ AOB


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 22 Aug 201


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="CIGI_VOForum_25aug2011.pdf" attachment="CIGI_VOForum_25aug2011.pdf" attr="" comment="CIGI VO Presentation at 25aug2011 VO Forum" date="1314289504" path="CIGI VOForum 25aug2011.pdf" size="2425112" stream="CIGI VOForum 25aug2011.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp61361" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
