%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1462562656" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | November 13, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

Jim Basney (OSG Security), Dennis Box (CDF), Steve Clark (nanoHUB VO), Britta Daudert (VO group in OSG), Nikolay Kuropat (DES), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO group in OSG), Mats Rynge (OSG Trash/Engagement VO), Neha Sharma (OSG Storage, Fermilab VO), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications),

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VOGroupMeeting20081106][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ nanoHUB

They are taking a 2-pronged approach to raise their utility of the OSG; they are sending jobs to sites they know work, while learning how to do site selection for the sites they do not know about. Jobs sent to Fermilab are working well.  Others are not.  Abhishek got some recommendations from Miron, including running frequent tests (every half hour or so).  Mats also recommends looking at the history of condor jobs. 

We will continue to work together to increase utility. Mats and Jamie Frey are also working to understand the overlap between nanoHUB site selection and the OSG MatchMaker.

Accounting issues for running jobs on both OSG and !TeraGrid; reporting fro ma Notre Dame site certfiicate not showing up in the gatekeeper log; ND knows about it.
 
---+++ D0

Still no response from MSU site admin. Problems were identified at both UNL and FNAL sites, and a potential solution has been determined. Next week there will be a large deployment of new infrastructure.

Neha will speak w/ Tom Rockwell regarding the MSU SE issue; also looking into GOC ticket 5976 (not sure if separate issue). 


---+++ CDF

They are working on upgrading hardware and software, so not too many OSG issues currently; as mentioned previously, they are interested in getting access to SRM-based SE offsite.  Dennis will get feedback from Rick Snider and Donatella regarding which SEs they propose to seek access from.

---+++ Fermi VO/ !FermiGrid

Neha will try to get an idea from FNAL management as to expectations and visions regarding the OSG / !TeraGrid gateway. 

---+++ DES

Regarding OSG / !TeraGrid gateway, Nikolay finds it works well for his jobs, but he isn't running a large job volume. In general, says !TeraGrid
does not support opportunistic use.  Will revisit this issue in two weeks.

---+++ Security & Policy

VOs present do not have any security issues for Security team.

   * Gathering input for new Certificate Authority Policy
Rather than OSG centrally dictating a set of CAs, VOs will decide which are needed at their sites and will only need to support those CAs.  Question: Will there be a default set of CAs?  Many sites would probably prefer to use defaults. 
   * Gathering requirements for service ("robot") certificates
LIGO doesn't use such certs; Trash/Engagement uses long-lived personal certs to submit jobs; Fermigrid: believes there are automatic renewal mechanisms; nanoHUB: uses certs on an isolated machine.  Jim may put together a "best practices" document for guides to use as a reference.
   * Gathering requirements for long-lived credentials and credential renewal, and is there a need for OSG to provide additional support?
Sites need to have VOMS attributes in their credentials.  Do, DES:  have short-lived jobs running 12 hours or less; LIGO; no requirements; CDF: uses Kerberos.

---++ AOB



---++ Items from previous meetings
 
   * General: Start thinking about VO requirements for next OSG release.
   * CDF: Facilitate Opportunistic Storage provisioning with CMS Mgt. CDF is starting to move worker nodes behind portal; planning to complete by early December. 
      Move is also in plans from Glidein to Glidein WMS.
   * D0: Infrastructure overhaul and Condor upgrade in plans, toward the end of November.


-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 12 Nov 2008%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 14 Nov 2008