%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1258668569" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | November 19, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams, Peter Doherty, Doug Olson, Abhishek Singh Rana, Horst Severini, Joel Snow, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm, Jim Weichel 

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091112][Weekly Forum: November 12]]  

---++ Announcements 

Ongoing discussion in OSG management on how to focus on usability aspects of infrastructure. Working on set of goals/tasks. Stakeholders: Please provide input. Thanks!
(Igor Sfiligoi was leading an area regarding scalability, reliability, and usability. Now looking at each.) osg-vo-forum.

---++ Content Management/Documentation (Jim Weichel)

Developing some per-user tracking of documents based on role (owner/reviewer/tester). Table on user's Twiki page will alert if action needed. Looking at generating email. January: looking at defining roles.

Concentrating on Storage documentation. 

Ian Stokes-Rees found VORS reference, so searched for those. Need to come up with way to manage process.

Have written a brief policy on how to handle new releases. (based on 1.0, 1.2 experiences).

---++ Security 
 
---++ Storage 

---++ Communications 

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF 

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

2  tickets: UNL and UCSD SE file transfer problems; no progress in last week. Abhishek will wait for GOC to send out reminders; if no action next week, we will try to expedite.

---+++ D0SAR (Horst Severini)

Phone meeting : CE front end on GRIDUNESP cluster; Not yet tested. Documentation has been promised (Thank you Horst for starting blog!).  Work planning meeting before December 7th hoped for. 

Does someone need an OIM account to get a Twiki account? (One of the GRIDUNESP people said he would follow up. Jim will 
Always have to enter username/password twice when viewing/editing in Twiki. Jim will ask Kyle to look at this.

---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Question on MyOSG SLA: waiting for Rob Quick to address concerns.

---+++ GEANT4 

Email from Chris Green seeking advice on shipping the right GCC runtime to be able to run a binary against a different version of GCC than system's. Forwarded to Joel Snow, Dennis Box and Steve Timm for possible input. 

---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

---+++ !IceCube 

Not present.

---+++ !NYSGrid

Not present.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Working with a few users. As running more jobs, more problems. 3 GOC tickets, response on 2 so far. Several sites running Python 2.3, which is un. Alain Roy : Software team looking into including in future version. 

Use of !MatchMaker or !GlideIn infrastructure? Peter things !GlideIn looks good, but don't have manpower to set up now. !MatchMaker ok for short term.

Larger issue:  How to add a VO to a site--is this documented? No way of testing or knowing whether sites are supporting. (Jim W. noted. Peter will send Jim any notes/ideas on what he thinks process is.)

---++ AOB


Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum





-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 19 Nov 2009