%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985973" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group Weekly Forum | October 09, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

Alina Bejan (OSG-EDU VO), Dennis Box (CDF), Britta Daudert (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group in OSG), Neha Sharma (OSG Storage), Abhishek Singh Rana (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group in OSG), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermilab VO) HIDDENEND-->

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoGroupMeeting20081002][Previous week's minutes]]
---++ 1) VOs in focus
---+++ D0

There was a problem with D0 efficiency this week. Steve says it was due to a general slow down of SAMGrid nodes to the OSG. There has been progress by Steve and the SAMGrid group, which are working with the Condor administrators.
---+++ nanoHUB

This is Steve Clark's off week. Abhishek will speak to him by phone.
---+++ DES

Nikolay not in attendence. He'd like changes to site selection mechanisms and is also hoping for more efficient usage of the Fermi TeraGrid gateway. Nikolay has been meeting w/ Neha and others. He is aware the gateway only forwards to the NCSA TG resource, and was asked to request higher priority.

In the longer term, work is being done on the matchmaker via Condor ClassAds on the gateway, to give access to more resources. Access to TG is on a person-by-person basis, and work will have to be done to get OSG V0s access.

Abhishek will request Nikolay's attendence at next meeting to provide input into his needs.
---+++ SBGrid

A task force is in effect. Abhishek is meeting informally with Ian Stokes-Reese and the Condor group today.
---+++ Fermi VO

Steve feels Fermi groups are using OSG resources as much as possible. There's a lot of peaks and a lot of downtime for various experiments. Most Fermi users don't run offsite, but that will surely change in the future.

Issue? Fermi VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo takes all VOs but all VOs don't take Fermi VO. They are worried that everyone at Fermi is automatically in the gridmap file. Upper managment will have to decide how to handle this.
---+++ CDF VO

CDF has been consuming 100K wallclock hours with minimum failures this week. All's well and people are happy.
---+++ OSG-EDU

The issue of site overloading by user resolved; Mike is investigating the cause of the issues.

Mike looking to form new UIC VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo for students using SWIFT. Mike will report at a later date.

---++ 2) Inactive VOs

Britta & Abhishek are classifying VOs into following categories:
   * active and doing science 
   * providing resources 
   * OSG-specific 
   * inactive 
      * inactive, but likely to ramp up effort 
      * inactive, unlikely to ramp up effort. 

   * CompBioGrid, Ion: expecting to ramp up within two weeks. 
   * Mariachi, John: is working towards greater usage; currently not using OSG facilities but using OSG software, hoping for utilization within 2 months. 
   * fMRI & Gadu: no response to e-mail query made by Britta. (Don't have contact anymore because individuals associated with VOs have left their positions. 
   * GPN: David Swanson at Nebraska said they were ramping up. 
   * ILC: ramping up. As they're learning how to use the infrastructure, their job submission rate is improving. 
   * Geant 4: no response to e-mail query. Maybe you have to go through the GGUC (European equiv. of GOC)? Abhishek will think about how to proceed. 
   * I2U2:hoping to do student project on the grid; project still active; don't know if they still want to use grid. Abhishek will think about how to proceed. 
   * SBGrid has task force at work 
   * I2U2: educational VO 
---++ 3) AOB

Next week: Possible nanoHUB discussion, DES discussion. Steve Timm & Neha will attend.

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 08 Oct 2008