%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1462562657" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+++ VO Group Weekly Forum | January 7, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams (GPN), Steve Barnet, Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez ( !IceCube), Peter Doherty ( !NEBioGrid), Jeff Dutton ( !CompBioGrid), Dan Fraser (OSG Production Coord),  Doug Olson (OSG Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), David Ritchie (OSG Communications), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermilab), Gabriel Winckler ( !GridUNESP)

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091217][Weekly Forum: December 17]]  

---++ Announcements 

SB Grid making strong attempts towards achieving full production.


---++ Security 

   * There is a new version of open ssl 1.x, which will be in future o/s releases (not sure which ones yet); changed hash functions used to look up trusted CA certs when doing validation --> when you upgrade to 1.x, installation of CA certificates will have to correspond to new SSL (filenames will be different). IGTF release is working on a fix for this, but this will probably show up in RedHat v 6 and other versions.

---++ Communications (David Ritchie)

Beginning planning for [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2871][Consortium All Hands Meeting]] to be held March 8-11 at Fermilab.

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF 

Not present.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Quiet time --no !MonteCarlo work to do. Possibly more next week. (Readying a new s/w distribution)

Dan says CMS/ATLAS volunteers willing to help Joel with storage: Shin (BNL). Burt looking for CMS folks; Dan will follow up with Burt.

Steve Timm: OIM info for D0 very outdated. Joel will follow up with Xizhong.

---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Production at FNAL, mostly from MINOS in last couple weeks; some CDMS, some !MiniBooNE. 

Article for CDMS will be written; not sure yet which publications.

Reminder on document on subcluster parameter  will be done by the time a small campus grids workshop takes place (workshop being organized by Keith Chadwick).

---+++ !GridUNESP  ( Gabriel Winckler)

No activity over holidays; Picking up where left off. 

Horst: GOC needs to issue new VO package including. Don't know whether once a VO is established it should automatically be included or whether a special request is made. Will check with Rob Q. once he's back.  In near future, GridUNESP will need to set up monitoring or accounting.

---+++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet, Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez)

Juan Carlos: working on tests at UW; successfully run small-scale tests; now moving on to large-scale.

Next step: Need to set up own submit node (using setup of Dan Bradley set up on their submit node for glidein; try proxy for squid server; look at metrics and how production is affected when using proxy.

!IceCube blog published; Steve will write follow up article and provide pictures.

Schedule for current testing: 4-8 weeks from now.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Started running workflows. Making changes to OSG !MatchMaker, which is increasing throughput. Upgraded to condor 7.4 ( !DAGman better). 
Not sure if MM will allow necessary throughput of ~100,000 jobs per set; can bundle jobs to ~ 20,000. What are others using for job management? .

OSG MM used by Trash/Engagement and LIGO; !glideIn used by CMS in production; PANDA used by ATLAS; 
D0 has custom workload mgmt; uses condor collector; should not be a problem with 100K jobs.

Need to think about all pieces of infrastructure; optimal time for jobs is 2 hours; any possibility jobs can be bunched to run longer? 

Recommendations: 

1. Changing submit host to be on a dedicated host? Increase scalability and help in accounting.%BR%
2. Find balance with various adjustments of job bunching.%BR%
Later: move on to WMS or PANDA if no success.

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

new user just enrolled; working on new application.

---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

Working on !GPN newsletter; looking for material from OSG.  

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Revamping OU Condor Pool; condor issues.

---++ AOB


Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum





-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 07 Jan 2010