%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1273247334" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ VO Group Weekly Forum | May 6, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Jose Caballero (BNL), Elizabeth Chism (GOC), Peter Doherty (SBGrid), Dan Fraser (Production),  Richard Jones (!Glue-X) Marco Mambelli (Sites), Doug Olson (Security), David Ritchie (Communications), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), Mats Rynge (Engagement), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (!Fermi-VO), Jim Weichel (Content Management), Eric Wicklund (CDF) 

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100429][Weekly Forum: April 29]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek Singh Rana)

Requesting stakeholder publications that cite references to OSG. Email ritchie at fnal dot gov.

Soliciting projections of OSG usage.

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Q: from Steve Timm: NERSC CA down for a couple days causing hourly error messages. ticket #8546. Doug will check on it.

---++ VO in focus 

---+++ CDF (Eric Wicklund)

CDF using OSG resources to provide MC resources for summer conferences  (MIT and Fermilab are two main sites).

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

No problems of any significance last week. 

Achieved annual monte-carlo production peak of 13.3 M events/week. 

<align=left><a href="%ATTACHURLPATH%/D0_weekly_MC_events_peak_on_OSG_-__05.03.2010.PNG"><img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/D0_weekly_MC_events_peak_on_OSG_-__05.03.2010.PNG" alt="D0_weekly_MC_events_peak_on_OSG_-__05.03.2010.PNG" width='500' height='370' /></a></align>

Detailed tracking is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/VirtualOrganizations/JointTaskForces/D0_Event_Production_volume_on_OSG.ppt

Asked Cornell for SE; waiting to hear.

UTA progress: Abhishek submitted note to Mark; Joel will try again to see if he can access. 

Please contact Brad Abbott (University of Oklahoma) for science publications. 

---+++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Continuing work on gathering science publications.

---+++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones) 

Queues full; 384 cores; half capacity occupied w/ local users, half OSG; a number of university grid power failures but no loss of hardware.

One GOC ticket that SE down. Happy to let others use opportunistic storage. Joel (D0) will send test jobs. 

GIP update. (validation tests not running on site; bug on GIP server which will be updated in next release). More background available in ticket #8343.

Trying to collate list of job submission issues (What set of tests need to be done up front to help VOs figure out where to submit jobs); would appreciate Richard's input. 

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Began installing !GlideinWMS, and starting to work. 

---++ AOB

*Documentation project* (Jim Weichel): Documentation project moving along; about 70% of documents in new system. 60% marked as release ready. By July 1, everything should be moved over and navigation by type of user should be in place; first cut of end user documentation should also be in place. Storage area also has been extensively reworked.

*Site Submission problems*: currently organizing known problems into groups. 
D0, !IceCube, !SBGrid have provided input. Waiting from !Glue-X and !NanoHUB
See [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/DirectFeedbackOnProductionProblemsOrBottlenecks][https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/DirectFeedbackOnProductionProblemsOrBottlenecks]]

*Engagement*: (Mats Rynge) no issues; continuous production with no gaps (first time in months). No new users currently.

National Latin America Grid: Jose Caballero:  How can OSG be used most effectively for the National Latin American grid infrastructure.  (Dan will follow up.) 
CHARMM: No current problems; running smoothly. 

---++ Notable items

   * Doug Olson will check on ticket #8546 (NERSC CA issues) 
   * Dan Fraser will follow up with Jose re: national Latin American grid infrastructure.


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 06 May 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="D0_weekly_MC_events_peak_on_OSG_-__05.03.2010.PNG" attachment="D0_weekly_MC_events_peak_on_OSG_-__05.03.2010.PNG" attr="h" comment="" date="1273185642" path="D0 weekly MC events peak on OSG -  05.03.2010.PNG" size="271209" stream="D0 weekly MC events peak on OSG -  05.03.2010.PNG" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp40516" user="AbhishekSinghRana" version="1"}%
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="JamesWeichel" date="1273170185" from="VirtualOrganizations.VOGroupMeeting20100505" to="VirtualOrganizations.VOGroupMeeting20100506"}%
