%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1288291122" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | October 28, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Mine Altunay (Security), Daniel (HEP group @ Iowa), Gabriele Gargolzio, Richard Jones, Chander Sehgal (User Support), Steve Timm (Fermilab-VO), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications/VO Group),  


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20101021][Weekly Forum: October 21]] 


Security (Mine Atunay)

Do announcements and mitigation recommendations make sense? Some sites get message from another email list. If other grid sites have already been hit, nice to know. tg-security, osg-security, or Mine directly. 

Richard Jones: appreciates updates via email. Just the right level for him. 



---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---+++ ALICE (Jeff Porter)









---++ AOB









-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 22 Oct 2010