%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1226010739" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | November 06, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending
Alina Bejan (OSG EOT), Adam Lyon (Fermilab D0 computing operations) Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG), Neha Sharma (OSG Storage), Joel Snow (D0 V0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO), Margaret Votava (Fermilab Running Experiments)

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VOGroupMeeting20081030][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ D0

Status of bug: N. Sharma expedited resolution of tickets at Nebraska and Indiana; both resolved. MSU SE is still a problem; N. Sharma will contact Tom Rockwell (site admin) and work to resolve the issue there as well.

M. Votava mentions FNAL is adding new forwarding nodes and upgrading Condor from V6 to V7 around Thanksgiving.  This should increase efficiency.

Condor 6 issue being tracked by Abhishek;  Suggestion by Condor team is to upgrade to V7. A. Lyon says there is a periodic expression problem; Jamie Frey is actively looking into. 

Nothing further from us needed at this time.

---+++ CDF

M. Votava: CDF is starting to move worker nodes behind portal; planning to complete by early December. They will also move from Glidein to Glidein WMS; would be nice to do a sleeper pool.

---+++ Fermi VO

Still working w/ Ian Stokes-Reece (SBGrid)  to get SBGrid running on Fermigrid. Work ongoing.

How does MC data produced off site get back to Fermilab? CDF uses Kerberos and must send the Kerberos certificate with each job; They're looking for a more grid-friendly method and need some storage at the far end to catch data 'til it can be sent back. The EGEE side of CDF also sees this as an important issue.

---++ AOB

OSG-TeraGrid gateway: N. Sharma requested access for J. Snow. He's getting access, but it's been mis-routed.  Several sites he can run on (SDSC, IU, NCSA, ORNL, etc.).  J. Snow will specify his requirements for site architecture in the job submissions file.

OSG-EDU VO: A. Bejan is now the manager for the OSG VO.  A modification is needed; A. Bejan will get mroe details from Ruth today. Mike Wilde's student group is running jobs on the OSG VO. Don't know if and when they plan to move.  A. Bejan will consult with Ruth.


---++ Items from previous meetings
 
   * start thinking about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo requirements for next OSG release
   * DES is waiting for decision from OSG executive team concerning TeraGrid/OSG gateway: request to negotiate resource access with  
     TeraGrid mgt
   * CDF plans to run at more CMS sites in near future and may need help from VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group 
   * Geant 4 discussion off-line 




-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 05 Nov 2008
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 06 Nov 2008 (Minutes)
