%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1236885692" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | March 12, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

Dennis Box (CDF), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090219][Weekly Forum: Feb 19]]

---++ VOs in focus

---++ CDF (Dennis Box)

1 user issue this week: there was a downtime on MIT CE that was not reported on OIM; found out through a CERN mailing list. It was an emergency downtime, which may explain. Abhishek will convey to other groups the need to report downtimes as a formal convention.

ITB validation:  progressing and should be wrapped up by deadline.  Dennis is not doing SRM validation, but Manoj is. Manoj has ticket open w/ Fermigrid; there's a problem with configuration.

Issues from council meeting document about meeting CDF's needs will be discussed in subsequent meetings. 

---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

At least one site failing: OSCAR.OU.EDU; there's also an open ticket w/ SAM people on an LSF jobmgr problem with the batch system query; not sure if related. 

Currently not running to capacity because of a lack of requested !MonteCarlo, but it will be picking up.

ITB validation:  MC test jobs are running everywhere but ITB UC. In touch w/ Suchandra. No SRM validation.  Will give green flag as long as ITB UC problem gets fixed.

Issues from council meeting document about meeting D0's needs will be discussed in subsequent meetings. 

---++ Fermi VO (Steve Timm)

OSG - Teragrid gateway status: Neha is now back and is actively working on this. They have a test job from Joel and will let him know when it works.

ITB validation:  Everything tried so far has been ok; do very light testing (authentication, running fork job, grid ftp'ing file); still need to test PRIMA interface (not a Fermi VO issue, but from the software/VO services side.  Will probably be finished Tuesday, March 17.

---++ AOB

DOSAR VO: Joel reports that Horst is working with LBL cluster to enable MPI use on OSG. The goal is to get someone using MPI at OSCAR to start submitting real grid jobs. OSCAR head cooperative regarding getting non-HEP VOs.

OSG Wikipedia page: Abhishek's edits were wirped out by robots. A Georgetown person did post some info; not entirely correct. Abhishek will try editing again.

%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 12 Mar 2009
