%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476803223" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | December 9, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Jeff Dost (UCSD), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Chander Sehgal (User Support), Marko Slyz (User Support), Rick St. Denis (CDF), Doug Strain (Storage), Marcia Teckenbrock (VO Group)

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20101202][Weekly Forum: December 2]] 

---++ Pigeon Tools Presentation - Doug Strain

Pigeon is a python-based tool for finding working storage elements for VOs.
It will discover storage sites from BDII and then verify that they are
configured correctly by testing them with common SRM commands.  It aims to
simplify finding and testing storage elements.

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/pigeon_vo.pdf][pigeon_vo.pdf]]: Pigeon Tools Presentation - PDF

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/pigeon_vo.odp][pigeon_vo.odp]]: Pigeon Tools Presentation - ODP

Q: What is the space requirement? 
A: The archive is configurable; only 24 hours of data kept.

Q: How do I find out which sites I'm claiming to support? 
A: Doug will find out and report back. 


---++  VOs In Focus 


---+++ CDF  (Rick St. Denis)

CDF representatives had a good meeting with Chander, Gabriele and Marko earlier this week. There are a couple near-term action items. The VO Group/User Support would like to touch base every 2-3 months.
 
KISTI may have found its pbs errors; waiting on VOMS update. 


---+++ !GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Site ops: Major improvement in overall performance of dcache SE by adding gridmap file with most common DNSs rather than relying on GUMS. Have not yet heard confirmation from Joel Snow/D0. D0 pilots start up slowly--can take an hour (SAM calling server to get work). CPUs sitting 50% idle. When able to fetch from local SE, wait is negligible.

Production is running well.

Pilot jobs are now submitted through !glideinWMS; success on site; but have a proxy issue; Richard Jones is in touch with Jeff Dost and Terrence Martin. Jeff suggested Richard submit a GOC ticket to update GUMS template. Next task is to run builds on diverse sites.

Purdue seems to be running jobs, but there's no way to tell whether succeeded. Could be pilot jobs thrashing. Richard will send jobs with proxy GLUE-X to UCSD for testing.

Richard asked what to do about errors in reporting. Jeff suggests opening GOC tickets; site should remove GLUE-X support from BDII if they don't actually support their SE.

---++ AOB

Marco Mambelli: Presented a summary of the cluster setup survey at the site coord meeting (Marco will send more details to the OSG-sites mailing list tomorrow.)
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SiteCoordination/SitesCoord101209

People can still answer to the survey until the end of the day (There are 33 replies so far.)
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/8MLFZ56

Marko Slyz and Tanya helped with Sao Paolo workshop this morning.

Chander reported that ALICE has two sites operating on the OSG and reporting to the WLCG. Will work future issues in this forum. 



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 23 Nov 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="pigeon_vo.pdf" attachment="pigeon_vo.pdf" attr="" comment="Pigeon Tools Presentation" date="1291911503" path="pigeon_vo.pdf" size="233657" stream="pigeon_vo.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp40706" user="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dMarcia_20Teckenbrock_20139213" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="pigeon_vo.odp" attachment="pigeon_vo.odp" attr="" comment="Pigeon Tools Presentation - ODP" date="1291911799" path="pigeon_vo.odp" size="6522398" stream="pigeon_vo.odp" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp40727" user="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dMarcia_20Teckenbrock_20139213" version="1"}%
