%META:TOPICINFO{author="AbhishekSinghRana" date="1276289649" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | June 10, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

<img src="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Sandbox/AbhishekSinghRanaSandbox/under_construction.gif">

---++ Attending

Steve Barnet (!IceCube), Peter Doherty (!SBGrid/NEBioGrid), Jeffrey Dutton (!CompBioGrid), Robert Engel (Documentation), Dan Fraser (Production), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Stephan Lammel (CDF), Doug Olson (Security), Maxim Potekhin (WMS, Engagement), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, !VOs Group), Steven Timm (!Fermi-VO)

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100603][Weekly Forum: June 3]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek Singh Rana)

Preparation ongoing for Annual OSG Report to NSF; due later this month. Our sincere gratitude to all stakeholders who compiled a list of scientific publications (July'09 to June'10). This cycle resulted in more than 350 publications from a wide range of VOs/stakeholders. David and Abhishek are now collating the annual list; to be publicly available.

We are inviting annual updates to the planning documents - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Stakeholder_PlansNeedsRequirements.

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Kate Adams from GPN has asked to be added in OIM registry for the VO. Due to transition between GPN and HCC teams at Nebraska-Lincoln, current GPN data in OIM needs to be updated. Marcia will advise Kate on further steps.

---++ Storage  (Abhishek - for Tanya Levshina)

Storage team is looking into potential addition of iRODS as a storage solution; more details in coming months. 

We are inviting stakeholder participation in the OSG Storage Forum; at University of Chicago on September 21-22. Meeting webpage is http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceProgram.py?confId=3377. 

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ CDF (Stephan Lammel)

CDF is restarting work on the production expansion plan to use more OSG sites opportunistically. CDF needs SL5. Stephan asked for OSG policies on support for OS versions: SL5 versus SL4. Dan and Abhishek pointed out that OSG supports freedom of choice for resource providers - a site decides its own OS versions and flavors. 

Abhishek pointed out that most mechanisms rely only on the gatekeeper configuration. So, if a site has heterogeneous mix of OS versions, there is a need also for remote identification of OS version on worker nodes. Based on Sep'09 discussion between Burt Holzman and VOs Group, a BDII based tool to quickly find sites with SL5 on gatekeepers across OSG is: http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0909&L=OSG-VO-FORUM&P=R1983. More background is: 
http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0909&L=OSG-VO-FORUM&P=R1803.

---++ OSG-VO (CHARMM Group: Tim Miller, Maxim Potekhin)

Run into issue with CHARMM: beg. of May, had problems with PANDA (and autopilot) as submission system. Pilots weren't being picked up. Working with Jose Caballero. Issue still ongoing. Issue with credentials.

Maxim: CERN moved service and a bunch of certificates went missing during installation. Many users' certs broke. Ticket filed several days ago, and work has begun on fixing. Maxim is waiting for OSG-VO membership to investigate further. 

<Larger issue: Who approves OSG VO membership as Chris Green transitions out? >

CHARMM continuing work on Mutant project. Almost through one and one-third of a way through two more. No new submissions since problems above not resolved.


---++ CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Not present.

---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Having infrastructure problem over past week. 

Did get UTA SE for our system. Is functional and will start using soon.

Jobs being blocked through !GLUE-EX. (Richard will report on later - GOC#8710). 

---++ Fermilab-VO (Steven Timm)

5 sub-!VOs submitted scientific publications since last week.

Trying to figure out best way to transition clusters from SL4 to SL5. Do other !VOs have any experience with this?
Documentation will be important. 
 
---++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Second group of users learning how to PANDA to submit jobs for Monte Carlo production for !GLUE-X.

Production issues: 
Ticket open with local network security:  appears that grid vendor-supplied firewall/NAT blocking jobs when large groups submitted together.

Ticket #8710: D0 jobs blocked; error says SSL negotiations during socket setup; tests show failures at various sites: FNAL, OU (which is using its own software stack w/ an SRM interface; not VDT). Need to check logs. Horst: OU  running newer SAM station version than FNAL? Joel continuing to work with Richard.

Steve Timm: NAT could cause issue.

PhD thesis on !GlueEx.


---++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet)

Just finished installing VO frontend glideinWMS (working w/ Igor and Dan Bradley); will ramp up soon.

Ticket #8627 :German researcher requesting !FermiGrid account; Steve will ask not to pursue.

GLOW usage did have scientific research regarding OSG that Juan Carlos sent to David Ritchie. 


---++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty / Ian Stokes-Rees)

Continuing work with glideinWMS Running 2000-2,500 jobs for past 4 hours--great news. (Looking to go a little higher, but some big sites really busy right now.) Will continue to run and see how scalability works.

Richard reports that UConn added 400 production cores, plus !CompbioGrid adding ~350 node clusters, so more storage resources on the way.


---++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Trying to get archaeologist started. In talks with LTU have code for optical reconstruction used for Image recognition of tomography pictures. South Africans also interested.  

---++ AOB

Robert Engel (Documentation Alignment): Variables added to most pages.




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 04 Jun 2010