%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1286913386" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | October 7, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * %RED%Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 (Note new number and access code)%ENDCOLOR%

---++ Attending

Steve Barnet (!IceCube), Jose Caballero (BNL, PANDA, Education), Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube), Jeff Dutton (!CompBioGrid), Dan Fraser (Production), Steve Gallo (!NYSGrid), Burt Holzman (CMS, Interoperability), Richard Jones (!Glue-X), Tanya Levshina (Storage), Marco Mambelli (Sites),  Chander Sehgal, Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications/VO Group), Steve Timm (!Fermilab_VO), Derek Weitzel (HCC)



---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100930][Weekly Forum: September 30]] 

---++ Announcements

Abhishek Singh Rana is leaving the consortium, effective Oct. 10. 


---++ Security 

No items.




---++ Communications

No items.


---++ Presentation on glideinWMS (Burt Holzman)
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/gwms_OSG-VO-Forum.pdf][gwms_OSG-VO-Forum.pdf]]: <nop>GlideinWMS Discussion for OSG VO Forum

A stakeholder meeting will be held in a couple weeks. OSG VO members are welcome to attend. Email Burt, burt at fnal dot gov, with questions about !GlideinWMS or about the upcoming meeting.


---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Still trying to get a couple of bioinformatics grid users up and running.

---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

!UConn SE issues are still being worked on. Joel and Richard Jones have been in contact.

Ticket regarding the change in the GUMS template issue is closed, so the assumption is that it is going through.



---++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

No updates.




---++ IceCube (Steve Barnet)

Steve started working for the Condor team. Not a lot of progress lately on site or users.


---++ !NYSGrid (Steve Gallo)

Working with !vHub and HPC2. Not quite yet ready for glideins, but have had heavier computational usage.


---++ AOB

Jose Caballero: CHARMM has been doing well; !UConn site has agreed to double the allocation for CHARMM jobs. 

A [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9280 ][GOC ticket]] is open regarding Daya Bay not being listed as a VO on the DOEGrids registration page.

Marco Mambelli: Site Coordination meeting next week will focus on the OSG experience of South American sites. %BR%
Coordinates: Thursday, Oct 14, 2010, 11:00am Central (Chicago);%BR%
Phone: # 1 866-740-1260, code 8349885#%BR%
Adobe connect: http://osg.acrobat.com/osgsc101014/%BR%
Twiki: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SiteCoordination/SitesCoord101014 %BR%
%BR%


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 07 Oct 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="gwms_OSG-VO-Forum.pdf" attachment="gwms_OSG-VO-Forum.pdf" attr="" comment="GlideinWMS Discussion for OSG VO Forum" date="1286396881" path="gwms OSG-VO-Forum.pdf" size="297747" stream="gwms OSG-VO-Forum.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp28871" user="BurtHolzman" version="1"}%
