%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285864" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | January 15, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending
Jim Basney (Security), Britta Daudert (VO Group, LIGO), Nikolay Kuropatkin (DES), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090108][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ nanoHUB
Not in attendance.  Plan is to increase job submission on a limited number of sites. Fermigrid needs to know which Fermi site they want to use; rather than increasing allocation at gatekeeper, Fermigrid has just open a second gatekeeper that has no limit, but will pre-empt jobs. 

---+++ D0
Not in attendance.

---+++CDF
Not in attendance.

---+++Fermi VO

OSG/Teragrid gateway: not much progress due to Neha's absence (she will return in late March). Manpower lacking currently to do this work. In the meantime, will try to enable Joel Snow (D0) to run at more sites. Steve Timm also suggests OSG management talk to Teragrid management (Steve will provide input if needed). Management interested, but wants to see some success in this area first.  Steve will also talk to Jim Basney and maybe Doru, to understand Teragrid's setup.

DES would like to be involved, but is unable to do so at this time.

---+++IceCube
A new VO; is a neutrino observatory at South Pole. Site is at Wisconsin, and Steve Barnet is contact. Data needs are non-trivial and they have not used SRM; have experience using GLOW on campus.  Not in attendance today, but will send someone from their team to this meeting in upcoming weeks. 

---+++AOB

   * Superlink load job issue: Mark Silverstein & Ian Stokes-Reese and others are involved. Marco M. feels it may be a problem w/ condor-g, but not sure; others feel it might be a problem at the site. Will open a VDT ticket; getting SBGrid more active might help identify problem. 

   * ALICE VO: Uses VO-Box model and trying to become enabled on the OSG. An active [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/ALICE_OSG ][task force] is in place. Sites include NERSC, LBNL, Rice. 

   * Security: email sent earlier this week to osg-vo-forum regarding desire to remove several non-IGTF CAs that they don't believe are being used. 

   * VO participation in ITB validations - Testing February 1-15:  D0, Fermilab-VO, LIGO, CMS, ATLAS and maybe CDF to participate; Release date: February 16.

   * There was a potential security issue with LIGO that has been deemed ok.


-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 14 Jan 2009 %BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 15 Jan 2009