%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1232662832" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | January 22, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending
Alina Bejan (OSG VO, OSG-EDU VO), Dennis Box (CDF), Steve Clark (nanoHUB), Britta Daudert (VO Group, LIGO), Nikolay Kuropatkin (DES), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Joel Snow (D0), Ian Stokes-Rees (SBGrid), Mats Rynge (Engagement), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090115][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ nanoHUB
Status: Things moving forward; a web page showing job errors and details has been created; Steve is about ready to attempt running some applications at 4 job sites.

---+++ D0
Has had some problems with a new version of an application (now fixed) and a 7-hour outage. The ticket at Purdue has increased success rate, but maybe still room for improvement. The ticket at Indiana is seemingly related to SE, and no jobs are currently running there. LONI1, a Lousiana cluster, has been down for some time. In addition, some sites are not providing as many slots as in the past.

---+++CDF
Is in the process of ITB testing.

---+++Fermi VO
Nothing to report for VO itself; 

OSG / !TeraGrid gateway: Steve has enabled Joel Snow (D0) to try out new site; will send info to Joel. Ruth and John Townes ( !TeraGrid ) have had discussions; details are forthcoming.

---+++ OSG VO
Planning to divide into sub-VOs based on research interests. Alina also plans to review current membership.

---+++OSG-EDU VO
Work in progress; also planning to review membership here.

---+++ SBGrid
Problems with VOMS server causes inability to run jobs at Fermi sites (have not upgraded yet). Have been running jobs at UCSD and GLOW and are looking at other sites to run on.

---+++ Engage VO
Nothing to report.

---+++AOB
ITB testing is on track. Participating are CMS, ATLAS, LIGO, FNAL, D0, CDF. Others are invited to test as well, and an email has been sent to VOs.

Bimonthly forums for VO Group meeting will be held over next two weeks. Different VOs will be asked to attend each week, so please check [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Meetings][Agendas]].

Looking for items for OSG monthly newsletter. Articles would be short (no more than 200 words) and cover work that is being done and successes. Ian Stokes Rees will send details on what's been happening with SBGrid.




-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 21 Jan 2009%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 22 Jan 2009
