%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1252008010" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | September 3, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Dennis Box, Steve Clark, Britta Daudert, Jeff Dutton, Steve Gallo, Abhishek Singh Rana, Mats Rynge, Neha Sharma, Joel Snow, Steve Timm, Marcia Teckenbrock, Jim Weichel

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090827][Weekly Forum: August 27]] 

---++ Announcements:

LHC has recommended that all sites upgrade from SL4 to SL5. Timeframe is now through November. VO Group happy to assist with questions.

KCA transition: Mine says will not happen until packages are ready. 

Jim Weichel introduction. New area coordinator for Training and Content Management.

---++ Security 

---++ Storage  (Neha Sharma)

New VDT dcache release coming up. 

---++ Communications 

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Not any change since last week. Burt's ldap command looks useful for finding SL4 nodes.  (Abhishek notes that subcluster info may be needed to be included in query.)

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Still trying to convert from pbs to Condor. In progress, Alain helping. 

Plans to convert to working on apps and finding sites to run on were addressed w/ Ion; he said try to get site working for 2-3 weeks, if not, go ahead.


---+++  D0 (Joel Snow)

Infrastructure probs at FNAL last week; Workload low now for next couple weeks; after that, a lot of !MonteCarlo production.

Nebraska site: clusters have file system acting like a local file system to access SE from the CE. This is more efficient than grid ftp to talk to SE to bring in files. Working w/ Brian B. to make a minor change in high-level software to use file protocol rather than gridftp. (Currently limiting # submission rate to UNL clusters.) 

UCSD: Gratia reporting issue. Jobs are completing successfully, but gratia reports not showing. UCSD is looking into, but wondering about status. Abhishek will ping site manager.

---+++ !Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

Involved in SL4/SL5 discussion: Fermigrid sites report they're at 5.3, but only gatekeepers are. Burt showed a way to query by subcluster, which gives accurate information. 

Steve working on paper to give sites info on how to configure finer-grained attributes for memory when submitting to Fermigrid. !nanoHUB would find this useful.

---+++ GROW

Not present.

---+++ !nanoHUB (Steve Clark)

Have resumed sending production jobs to OSG. Customer demand slow. Continuing to test

!nanoHUB would like Steve Timm's extra attributes for memory. Min: 2GB Some apps: 4-6GB

Steve is working on an accounting system web page to present OSG-related data. 

---+++ !NYSGrid (Steve Gallo)

Not much activity lately. Hired someone to work w/ Hub0 (hub dev'p for !nanoHUB) folks to bring up a hub over next couple months. Collaborative tools and info in one place. Recent funding overlaps w/ !NYSGrid, which will enable more work.

Very glad to hear about documentation being updated. Had quite a few problems with VOMS installation.

Mats: hosting a matchmaker app for !NYSGrid; would provide access to more resources if could be run locally.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid 
 
Not present.

---++ AOB

Engagement (Mats Rynge): GPN work is moving slowly. Working to redeploy VOMS. hopefully running in 1-2 weeks. 
  


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 03 Sep 2009
