%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dMarcia_20Teckenbrock_20139213" date="1294866029" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | January 13, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

<!--Dan Fraser (Production), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Chander Sehgal (User Support), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Marko Slyz (User Support), Rick St. Denis (CDF), Marcia Teckenbrock (VO Group), Steve Timm (Fermi-VO) -->

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110113][Weekly Forum: January 13]] 

---++ Announcements


Planning for All Hands Meeting is in progress.


---++  VOs In Focus 

---+++ ALICE


---++ AOB







-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 12 Jan 2011