%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1303413045" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | April 21, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Steve Timm,  David Matthews-Morgan, John-Paul Robinson, Kate Adams, Aidan Robson, Gabriele Garzoglio, Marko Slyz, Marco Mambelli, Chander Sehgal

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110414][Weekly Forum: April 14]] 

---++ Announcements

None

---++  VOs In Focus 

---+++ CDF

Aidan Robson: Kisti is still working on recovering from downtime; getting assistance from Steve Timm.

---+++ Fermilab

Steve Timm: Two new groups (VOs) have submitted registration; they are

gm2 - The Muon g-2 experiment collaboration

MAP - Muon Accelerator Program

---+++ SURAGrid

David Matthews-Morgan, John-Paul Robinson: SURAGrid registration has been submitted to GOC

SGVO - SURAgrid Open Science Grid Virtual Organization

They will plan to represent this at next Monday's operations meeting at 1:00pm Eastern

On May 2 & 3, they are holding their all hands meeting where plan to issue additional DOE certs to their members; at 1:45pm on May 2, they request support from the GOC in processing these requests.  

---+++ GPN

Kate Adams: VOMS migration plan under development; will let us know if they need any support.





---++ AOB




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 14 Apr 2011
