%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1277395848" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | June 24, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
<!--Kate Adams (GPN),  Jose Caballero (BNL), Doug Olson (Security), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), David Ritchie (Fermilab), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, !VOs Group), Steven Timm (!Fermi-VO), Jim Weichel (OSG Content Management, Education & Training)-->

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100617][Weekly Forum: June 17]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek Singh Rana)

We are inviting annual stakeholder updates to - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Stakeholder_PlansNeedsRequirements. Plans and needs of VOs will be summarized and prioritized as input to FY 2010-11 planning.

---++ Security (Doug Olson)


---++ Storage (Abhishek - for Tanya)

We are inviting stakeholder participation in the OSG Storage Forum; at University of Chicago on September 21-22. Meeting webpage is http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceProgram.py?confId=3377. 

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ CDF 


---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

---++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

---++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)


---++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

---++ GridUNESP

---++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet)

---++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid

---++ AOB



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 24 Jun 2010
