%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1462562657" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | May 28, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Steve Barnet (IceCube), Jeff Dutton (CompBioGrid?), Peter Doherty (NEBioMed), Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group),  Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090521][Weekly Forum: May 21]]

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Dennis has provided scientific publications; currently is trying to understand a problem with restarts at MIT; there is a mass slaying of jobs that then restart; a GOC ticket is open.

CDF does want to use opportunistic storage; however, no concrete plan is in place beyond the prototype presented at CHEP. CDF will have to rewrite software but are currently lacking manpower to do so. (There is no SRM door to the data at Fermilab). Dennis will talk to Steve Timm, Joel Snow (is CDF software similar to D0's?) offline.

Dennis will also ask CDF management if a short plan/requirements document can be drawn up for Storage team.

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Jeff has completed documentation of the !CompBioGrid experiences on the blog; this is up-to-date as of Monday, May 25.

There are two unresolved tickets: Jeff has provided data that is missing in !myOSG and is working towards resolution; he is also trying to troubleshoot problem with pbs jobs on sites.

Jeff will have Ion review document that he will send to Abhishek.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Production has reached a historical peak: 12.6 million events on OSG for D0 !MonteCarlo.

There was an issue with the Purdue SE that has been fixed.

The OSG - !TeraGrid gateway work is currently at a standstill. Steve Timm says the effort is not available now, but he expects work to ramp back up in a couple months.

---+++ !Geant4

Not present. 

---+++ GROW

Not present.

---+++ !GUGrid

Not present.

---+++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet)

In general, should shortly have data available to grid sites; need to tie up some storage issues, then set up gateway. Steve needs storage available on worker nodes for a set of files. (Tanya from OSG Storage says there is a request from another VO and they are just beginning to look at this issue. Steve Timm says there may be workarounds. 

Steve will provide a short writeup providing exact numbers, storage needs, etc.

---+++ Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

A lot of production running, mainly at Fermilab itself:  !MiniBooNE, CDMS, MINOS, MIPP, and ILC all running.

---+++ !NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

New VO; "New England Biomedical Grid" is an offshoot of !SBGrid. Whereas the latter focuses specifically on structural biology, !NEBioGrid is for more general biomedical research (genetic sequencing, drug research, etc.). !NEBioGrid will not be a resource provider.

Peter is currently setting up the infrastructure, implementing !MatchMaker and some applications; a colleague is working on a web portal for various applications. The plan is to have users by the end of the summer.

Peter has been in touch with John and Mats from Trash/Engagement and plans to work with them in coming months.
  
---++ AOB

---+++ VORS deprecation

GOC has provided a document for VO review; VOs, please take a look and send feedback  to us.


---+++ Publications and achievements by at-large VOs, for OSG Communications

Please send by June 8, 2009 to osg hyphen contact at opensciencegrid.org 


Theme: regular weekly forum

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 27 May 2009
