%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1234468290" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | February 12, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending
Jim Basney (Security) Britta Daudert (VO Group/LIGO), David Ritchie (Communications), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090205][Bi-monthly Forum, Part-II: Feb 05]]
---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090129][Bi-monthly Forum, Part-I: Jan 29]]

From the Bi-Monthly forum: a few at large sites have shown little activity but may benefit from help by Engagement or VO group. (See minutes)

---+ *Agenda*

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Efficiency is relatively good; production is steady; no major complaints. Is looking for more allocation at some sites (Abhishek has made some inquiries to this end.)

There were a couple related meetings last week:  One meeting evaluated the end of phase I and deemed it successful; plans are being made for phase II, which will continue to make improvements, particularly with Montecarlo.

A second meeting involved user Michael Wang who is doing analysis that is heavy on CPU but not I/O. He has an ad hoc way to run jobs without relying !SAMGrid. It's possible some sites might be willing to accept these jobs. Steve Timm, Abhishek and Brian Bockelman were present.

!FermiGrid - !TeraGrid Gateway: Steve can run Joel's job but Joel cannot. Not much time recently to focus on this. 

---+++ Fermi VO (Steve Timm)

As previously reported, there is an upcoming change in VO mapping that will help those who are using gridmap files.

No changes in the applications; team is in the process of surveying users about their usage plans over the next year.


---++ AOB

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 11 Feb 2009%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 12 Feb 2009
