%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1282588896" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | August 26, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

<!-- Dan Fraser (Production), Richard Jones (!Glue-Ex), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, VOs Group), Steve Timm (Fermilab-VO) -->


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100819][Weekly Forum: August 19]] 

---++ Announcements 
 [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3377][OSG Storage Forum]] September 21-22 at the University of Chicago. Organizers have invited VO representatives to join the forum and describe their workflow, problems/successes in using storage. This is an excellent opportunity to engage in direct one-on-one discussions.



---++ Security 



---++ Communications 

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%


---++ D0

Offline from Joel Snow: Longstanding problem from D0; Action on the part of OSG required re https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9068
GUMS template lacks an entry for dzeroservice that appears in D0's custom configuration. Jobs at UCSD_2_SE failing. Need to get approval from appropriate person in OSG. Marco will looked at the ticket and give your approval. Marco asked whether we could add services certificate to the VO?

Steve Timm said dzeroservice was completely removed from GUMS template 3-4 years ago at request of D0 because former security folks were concerned that you could use the service certificate to run a job. This is no longer a concern. The other thing is that SAM is running some services that cannot get a VOMS proxy.

Doug Olson suggests that Joel should write an email describing the problem and send it to the security team at opensciencegrid dot org. In the meantime, Doug will look at the ticket. 



---++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Created a VOMS server for the LBNE VO. LBNE will register in OIM soon. Abhishek and the VO Group will need to guide them on what to do next. Abhishek will follow up with email.

The VOMS.FNAL.GOV changed this week. There were a couple problems, but everything is back to normal.


---++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Problems with VDT automatic update for submit nodes; Richard got a message that the system was badly corrupted and a suggestion to reinstall from scratch, so he did.
Steve Timm has had similar problems with a worker node as well as a client host. Marco will mention this at this afternoon's VDT meeting and will file a ticket for the worker node. (Steve has already filed a ticket on the client problem.) 

Problems reported at UConn_OSG. Richard has corrected VDT_CA option that did not update. Marco mentioned that there are options that can be set to automatically update links.

All jobs slots are full, but there is low CPU usage.

!GLUE-X VO: still waiting for JLab to make decision on opening ports.

Richard has a new service certificate for glide-in submit host in factory and is factory enabled. Need sites that will accept !GLUE-X jobs. (Steve Timm mentioned that he believes that Fermilab accepts them. He will check.) Dan Fraser will send an email asking for folks to add !GLUE-X to BDII..

Richard is still planning on reviewing the VOMS documentation. 

---++ SBGrid/NEBioGrid

Not present.

---++ AOB

Marco Mambelli: Last week, site administrators workshop was held.
The recordings, the presentations and the tutorials from the OSG site administrators and the CMS Tier 3 workshops are available on Indico and on the twiki:
http://indico.fnal.gov/internalPage.py?pageId=2&confId=3429
http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=3429&showDate=all&showSession=all&detailLevel=contribution&viewMode=parallel
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/SiteAdminsWorkshopTutorialsAug10 






-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 23 Aug 2010