%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1497450633" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | July 1, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

<!--
<img src="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Trash/Trash/Sandbox/AbhishekSinghRanaSandbox/under_construction.gif">
-->

---++ Attending
Kate Adams (GPN), Robert Engel (Documentation), Dan Fraser (Production), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), David Ritchie (Communications), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, VOs Group), Steven Timm (Fermi-VO), Gabriel Winckler (!GridUNESP)

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100624][Weekly Forum: June 24]] 

---++ Announcements 

Abhishek and David: The annual cycle for compilation of scientific publications benefiting from Open Science Grid (OSG) has now achieved closure. Nearly 365 scientific publications from more than 15 VOs. Submission to NSF has been made. Annual report to NSF is available at http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=965

Abhishek: As input to FY2010-11 planning, annual updates of stakeholders' documents (plans/estimates, needs, requirements) are ongoing. Targeted closure date is July 10. 

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Not present.

---++ Storage 

Dan: Still evaluating technologies for opportunistic storage. More specific decisions expected in fall of this year.

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ CDF 

Not present.

---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Production going well. Still having difficulty at OU. 

Working with Richard on problem at GLUE-X site UConn-OSG. Joel upgraded the OSG version, but this didn't solve the issue.

---++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

On Abhishek's request, Steve is in process of providing documentation for fine-grained advertisement and discovery of SL4 and SL5 at sites.

This will help sites advertise presence of both SL4 and SL5 (e.g., at gatekeeper and worker nodes). In addition, it will help !VOs to more accurately make a decision prior to submitting jobs.

Those running on FNAL !FermiGrid1 will need this information.

SBGrid jobs were encountering mass failures (due to malformed credential) causing problems for !FermiGrid and other sites. Steve will open a GOC ticket and cc Igor, Peter and Ian. (Ticket: https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=8831)

Working on VO requirements.

---++ !GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Site production side: Production is going well. Working with Joel to see why D0 jobs do not complete. Richard is reviewing a D0 log from a successful job run at another site. Joel has sent email to Richard with analysis and an idea for testing.

Trash/Engagement users are trying to get started using opportunistic storage. Richard pointed out a space reservation issue in !DCache. When a user wants x bytes and uses that space, it works through SRM. But if using only !GridFTP and writing directly, the FQAN (fully qualified attribute name) is not interpreted correctly. Abhishek will put Richard in contact with SRM team.

VO production side: Richard had meeting with Jefferson Lab Computing Division. Plan is to eventually provision an SRM, and at least give access to large tape libraries and allow planned access to off-site resources. Network team has adjusted the firewall so on-site users can use VO services; however, incoming ports to get clients callback are still closed. A one-page description of ports was requested. Dan suggested putting OSG Security members in touch with Jefferson Lab security teams. 

---++ !GridUNESP (Gabriel Winckler)

Things are starting to ramp up. Over the past month, usage has gone from an average 30% to 80%. Plan is to try to run MPI applications. There is a variation in jobs: some being more massively parallel and others less so. Dan said there is method to configure Condor to access all of the memory and processors on a machine. Dan will send the link to Gabriel. Abhishek, Dan, Gabriel, and Horst will discuss further.

Abhishek has received stakeholder planning document from Sergio Novaes.

---++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet)

Not present.

---++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid

Not present. Abhishek has been in offline contact with Peter on !GlideinWMS progress.

---++ DOSAR

Nothing major to report this week.

---++ GPN

Meteorologist is working with Trash/Engagement team. 

---++ AOB

Marco Mambelli: OSG Site Administrators Workshop August 10 and 11 at Computing Center at University of Chicago. All site administrators are invited. Marco will send email announcement to David Ritchie, who will forward to iSGTW for broader dissemination and Marcia will post on OSG home page. Workshop web site: http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3429

Robert Engel: VOs Group is facilitating stakeholder-review of VO-related release documents. GLUE-X is undertaking official VOMRS and VOMS release documents review. 

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 02 Jul 2010