%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284651" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+++ VO Group Weekly Forum | February 4, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams (GPN), Peter Doherty (!NEBioGrid), Jeff Dutton (!CompBioGrid), Dan Fraser (Production), Doug Olson (OSG Security), Maxim Potekhin (PANDA), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), David Ritchie (OSG Communications),  Mats Rynge (Engagement, !MatchMaker), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Igor Sfiligoi (Glidein WMS), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (VO Group, OSG Communications)

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20100121][Weekly Forum: January 21]]  (No minutes January 28)

---++ Announcements 

OSG Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting next week on providing storage solutions.In particular, working on the ability to provide opportunistic/public storage at sites so sites don't need to be contacted one-by-one. We will keeping VOs posted.


---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Packaging for CA certificate package closer, still not quite ready. Pretty soon.

---++ Communications (Marcia Teckenbrock, David Ritchie)

Posters for all hands ready soon. Postcards will be available at all hands--at least samples.
Interested in keeping list of scientific publications that make use of OSG. Contact ritchie at fnal dot gov.

---++ Workflow Discussion:

Experts on Workflow management. Each used by various communities. Dan, Maxim, Igor, and Mats working on paper describing different systems, including pros and cons of each. Goal: to capture items in table to better inform OSG members.). Most likely published within a month on OSG web site where appropriate.

Maxim: PANDA
In past week, email thread with Peter Doherty (!SBGrid). Slides presented where Peter enumerated requirements for WMS. One wish: unified view of the grid. PANDA has a web-based interface that provides this. One disadvantage for this use case: DAG not supported. Brief evaluation of PANDA is recommended (no special s/w installation on their end required).

Igor: Glidein 

Mats: OSG Matchmaker

---++ VOs in focus 

---+++ CDF

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Still one new user processing data. Should be done w/ first effort at end of today. Bits and pieces have been done. Will add additional info on blog.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Ramping up production; no outstanding problems. Prairie fire ticket "going nowhere." Expert at Fermilab sent note to Caltech re: opportunistic storage; no response from that site or ATLAS sites.  About 1/2 TB. Jobs run 6-9 hours usually, sometimes much longer. Typical # of jobs submitted varies (100-800). 

---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Registered two subVOs: LBNE, Argoneut. A third coming soon.

---+++ !GlueEX 

Not present.

---+++ !GridUNESP

Not present.

---+++ GROW

Not present.

---+++ !nanoHUB (Steve Clark)

HPC2 Grid job submission taking up much time. Not much changed with !nanoHUB.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid 

Not present (dial-in problems).


---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

User applied for certificate; only got it because he knew to ask to get certs issued. Kate is not on list of approvers. Kate will contact Doug Olson.



Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum





-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 03 Feb 2010