%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1281035176" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | August 5, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Marco Mambelli, Doug Olson, Abhishek Singh Rana, David Ritchie, Horst Severini, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100729][Weekly Forum: July 29]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek Singh Rana)

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

No particular news. Working on a document for Steve Timm.

Disucssion on new Windows vulnerability that does not affect OSG.

---++ Communications (David Ritchie)

David has been investigating a method to archive OSG publications on the Cornell archive portal. 



---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ ALICE

Not present.

---++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Still working with Louisiana Tech people, but travel/vacations has halted this. Still working on Outreach with Jose Caballero. Workshop in December. Working on OSG paper for CHEP. 

Abhishek thanked DOSAR for submitting next year's planning document.

---++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

New !sub-VO that is starting to take shape: need storage and lepton collider simulations for future muon colliders out of Accelerator Physics Center.

Abhishek thanked Fermilab for submitting next year's planning document for !Fermi-VOs and !sub-VOs. Still waiting for DES (Nikolai Kuropatin) & ILC (Lynn Garren)

Abhishek said that Jose Caballero from BNL pointed out at last week's meeting that the BNL PANDA group has prepared for LBNE job submissions. They will probably run as part of OSG or Engagement !VOs. Abhishek will put Steve Timm in contact with Jose and Maxim to close any potential loopholes in running on !FermiGrid.

---++ GLUE-X

Not present.

---++ SBGrid/NEBioGrid

Not present.

---++ AOB

Marco Mambelli: The site administrators workshop will be held next week at Vanderbilt. Marco is in touch with Marcia about providing a shared username/password for presenters to upload their talk. Marcia will follow up.


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 02 Aug 2010
