%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625639" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | October 15 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Mine Altunay, Jim Barlow, Peter Doherty, Jeff Dutton,  Abishek Singh Rana, Horst Severini, Joel Snow, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091008][Weekly Forum: October 8]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek Singh Rana)

As planning for year 4 begins, we would like to begin talking to VO management about planning.

---++ Security (Jim Barlow, Mine Altunay)

Jim is Head of SecurityTeam at NCSA, working with Mine, getting familiar with sites and VO organization.

Identity Management Surveys:  Please fill out [[https://spreadsheets.google.com/viewform?formkey=dDQyOWR4bTNfNVNKeVJleHVnT3NCTkE6MA][survey]] this week.

VOs who need to do kernel patching:
   * Lehigh-coral (GLOW)
   * Grase-CSE-magic (NYSGrid) Marcia will follow up
   * Clemson-Palmetto (Engagement?) Marcia will follow up
   * TTU-Anteus (Alan Sill)- Jim/Mine will follow up
   * LUhep-osg --inactive --remove

---++ Storage 

Pass

---++ Communications 

Pass


---++ VOs in focus

---+++ ALICE

Not present.

---+++ CDF

Not present.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

3 tickets open; now closed. Problem with jobmanager  (affects only TTU); ticket open w/ GOC #7; no action. Joel will follow up on.

---+++ !GROW  

Not present.

---+++ !nanoHUB

Not present.

---+++ !NYSGrid

Not present.
 
---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Joint partnership between children's hospital and Immune Disease Institute. Have 2 groups under !SBGrid/NEBioGrid control, plus 1 other.

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

!GridUNESP: 2000 core cluster. Have Condor running on it, but they're having an issue with running large scale MPI jobs on it in the "Parallel Universe". Or rather, the jobs start very slowly. The Condor experts are looking into it. They're going to install the OSG stack soon and will use DOSAR host certificates until their own VO is up and running.


---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Doing some production, on occasion,  for different members of the Engage VO each week.  Abhishek asked for a document for !CompBioGrid's 2010 requirements; Jeff will follow up with Ion Moraru to get that document completed and submitted.

---+++ !Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

jobs submitted to !FermiGrid now go to the correct O/S (whether SL4 or SL5).


---++ AOB


Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum