%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1269544770" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ VO Group Weekly Forum | March 25, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Peter Doherty (!NEBioGrid/SBGrid), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Marco Mambelli (OSG Sites & Integration), Doug Olson (OSG Security),  Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group),  David Ritchie (OSG Communications), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (VO Group, OSG Communications)

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20100318][Weekly Forum: March 18]] 

---++ Announcements 

We are collecting input for two activities: For the Production Coordination group (Dan Fraser), there is an ongoing activity for production resource planning. LIGO, D0, Glue-X, DOSAR, JDEM have provided input. Input from others is invited.

The second activity is a new proposal by Alain Roy (Software Group) for Software Enhancement Proposals (!SEPs), which would be key for communicating software stack news; input on the !SEPs is requested as well. See [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/SEPIndex][https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/SEPIndex]].

Abhishesk and David Ritchie are collecting scientific publications to provide to our funding agencies. 

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Mine sent URL yesterday to facilicities group with a link that describes the process and practice of handling security vulnerabilities. Doug will talk to Mine about generating an email for VO list.

---++ VOs in focus 

---+++ CDF 

Not present.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Still waiting to hear from UTA about storage element.
D0 production has ramped up; last year, nearly 10M events per week. Depends on # of opportunistic slots we get at CMS Tier-1s. 
 
---+++ Fermi-VO

Not present.

---+++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Have seen some jobs from several !VOs, mainly GPN. Just noticed all job slots (300-some occupied with glideins that were idle for ~24 hours. Spoke with Brian, who told to cancel and resubmit. Jobs now at 100% production.

Holding mode in terms of own production; still working on application itself.

Last week: Has draft article regarding job dispatch/workload management progress. 

---+++ !IceCube

Not present. Email provided with update

---+++ nanoHUB

Not present.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

SBGRID/Panda Report from Maxim - set up 8 Panda sites as per priority list sent by Peter, testing will commence shortly. Longer term plans: currently using OSG !MatchMaker; issues resolved adequately; now evaluating PANDA to see if efficiency, etc. improves.

GOC tickets on a few items, and currently doing analysis of data collected over past couple of months.

Scientific publications may be forthcoming: There is a researcher who may have results in 5-6 weeks; Joey Kong, who is doing cancer research, may be a contact for a research highlight. Peter will work on getting information to Marcia.

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)
Preparing ready for workshop in two weeks. 



---++ AOB





Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum


---++ Notable items
  
   * input appreciated on production resource planning and on Software Enhancement Proposals




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 24 Mar 2010
