%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1288974261" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | November 11, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

<!-- Dan Fraser (Production), Carlos Eduardo Moreira (!GridUNESP), Tim Miller (CHARMM), Chander Sehgal (User Support), Rick St. Denis (CDF), Ian Stokes-Rees (!SBGrid), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications/VO Group), Gabriel von Winckler (!GridUNESP) -->


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20101104][Weekly Forum: November 4]] 

---++ Security
---+++ Galois discussion

Galois has gathered feedback from OSG and wrote up a document about needs and problems (See http://grid2.galois.com/needs-and-problems.html). They are very willing to adapt to OSG's needs and very open to feedback. For those who would like to provide feedback, please look at the aforementioned document and provide input at today's meeting.


---++  VOs In Focus 

<!-- 
---+++ CDF (Rick St. Denis)



---+++ CHARMM (Tim Miller)




---+++ !GridUNESP (Gabriel von Winckler, Carlos Eduardo Moreira)



---+++ !SBGrid (Ian Stokes-Rees)

-->


---++ AOB










-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 22 Oct 2010
