%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1252685393" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | September 10, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Dennis Box, Juan Carlos, Britta Daudert, Peter Doherty,  Abhishek Singh Rana, Steve Timm, Marcia Teckenbrock, Jim Weichel

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090903][Weekly Forum: September 3]] 

---++ Announcements:

SL4 - SL5 migration reminder

---++ Security 

---++ Storage 

---++ Communications 

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ ALICE

Not present. Will attend next week.

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Monitoring sites to see how they're progressing w/ SL5 upgrade; of Wisc, MIT, UCSD, only UCSD is upgrading nodes seemingly; but CDF still has mixed worker node setup.

Mad dash to deploy new glide-in portal (hopefully by September 22)

Certain libraries or packages missing that OSG might need to put effort into? CDF plans to ship compatibility libraries info w/ job.
According to Igor, issue w/ openssl 32-bit vs 64-bit? Maybe taken care of in glide-in. Seems not to be an issue at this point.

---+++  D0

Not present.

---+++ !Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

No real updates since last week. Still action item to make a couple entries in !AlterAttributes file in GIP. This will allow Fermigrid to advertise a different address on gatekeeper and worker nodes and (2) a mix of different SL versions, even across worker nodes. Don't know if this needs to be propagated to other sites, Burt (CMS) is aware. Memory issue closely connected. Steve will send email with details.

---+++ !IceCube

Not present

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)
 
Making progress, but not much to report. A couple good leads and meetings set up for engaging users. Met w/ group doing image analysis of MRIs; from hospitals in area, not directly with Harvard. Wall hour consumption increase is still of interest, but other tasks have preempted; temporarily on hold.


---++ AOB

Documentation (Jim Weichel):  Revamp !BeSTMan installation documentation. Establishing standard format and contents for install documents as a test case. Drafts for comment available from Jim.  Anyone on call that uses or deploys !BeSTMan? Fermilab has a test stand. Peter would be happy to look over the documentation.

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 10 Sep 2009