%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1287074594" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | October 14, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * %RED%Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 (Note new number and access code)%ENDCOLOR%

---++ Attending
<!--
Steve Barnet (!IceCube), Jose Caballero (BNL, PANDA, Education), Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube), Jeff Dutton (!CompBioGrid), Dan Fraser (Production), Steve Gallo (!NYSGrid), Burt Holzman (CMS, Interoperability), Richard Jones (!Glue-X), Tanya Levshina (Storage), Marco Mambelli (Sites),  Chander Sehgal, Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications/VO Group), Steve Timm (!Fermilab_VO), Derek Weitzel (HCC) -->



---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100930][Weekly Forum: September 30]] 

---++ Announcements




---++ Security (Doug Olson)

 [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CiLogonPilot2010][CILogon project]] - role of the trusted CAs and VOMS servers in the security
infrastructure. 





---++ Communications




---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ CDF 


---++ D0 




---++ GLUE-X






---++ GROW

---++ !SBGrid



---++ AOB







-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 14 Oct 2010
