%META:TOPICINFO{author="DavidRitchie" date="1253833251" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | September 24, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Main.JeffPorter, Main.DennisBox, Main.JeffDutton, Main.StevenTimm, Main.GregMonaco, Main.SteveBarnet, Main.MatsRynge, Main.JonBednasz, Main.PeterDoherty, Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.IgorSfiligoi, Main.DougOlson, Main.BrittaDaudert, Main.MarciaTeckenbrock, Main.DavidRitchie, Main.AbhishekSinghRana


---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090910][Weekly Forum: September 10]] 

---++ Announcements:

Feel free to correct any of my Wiki editing errors or gaffs (David Ritchie)

Next week begins the 4th year of the OSG project.  The next 2 or 3 weeks will be focused on planning. 

---++ Security 

There are some changes in the security team.  Jim Basney is leaving.  Replacing him is Jim Barlow.

(Doug Olson) There is on-going work to make sure the security contacts listed in the OIM are up to date.  This is a follow up by the Security Team to some work done by the GOC.

---++ Storage

With regard to LIGO's difficulty to find storage sites that match their need, the use of Matchmaking may be the right approach.  

---++ Communications 

PASS

---++ Other

(Abhishek Singh Rana) new releases:  dcache;  upcoming golden release; preview possible for those interested.

(Britta Daudert) Igor Sfiligoi introduced as heading up an area to coordinate issues of scalability, useability and reliability.

(Igor Sfiligoi) Goal is to make OSG more useable in matters ranging from documentation to operation and points in-between.  Have heard about these issues from VO's large and small.  Please contact Igor to provide feedback in these areas.

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ ALICE

(Jeff Porter) scalability issue on local setup now in remission.  OSG ticket: > https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=6875

Expect to ramp up activity in October. Usage dropped in last few months due to reallocation of activity.

(Abhishek Singh Rana) OSG can furnish needed h/w (a VO Box) if this would be helpful. 

---+++ CDF

(Dennis Box) Have been helping a person from KISTI (Korea) who is interested in putting up a Compute Element.  Helping him with other issues as well.  Cert updates on VOMS server caused problems at CDF and at EGEE.  Discussion of procedural issuse re Cert updates. Need to go through proper channels when Certs updated per EGEE.

(Abhishek Singh Rana) Status of migration to Enterprise Linux ? No info.

---+++ !CompBioGrid

(Jeff Dutton) Compute Element is back to PBS.  Matchmaker has problems running on site.  Site is functional. Have provided some 3,000 CPU Hours to some one coming from Engagement VO.  I.e., They have been a resource provider.  They will begin working on two applications for use on the Grid in the next two weeks.  Thanks to Mats for much help! 

---+++  D0 

PASS

---+++ !Fermi-VO

(Abhishek Singh Rana)  

(1) Interested in how to classify "sub-grids".  Want to be able to do it in a way that OIM and Gratia are happy.

(2) Status of document on how to make such "sub-grids".  (Steve Timm) Not done yet.  Discussion of BDII and GIP. Steve will send out e-mail.

---+++ GPN

(Greg Monaco) Have gotten VOMS server going again.  Thanks for Mats help.  Discussing a submit machine -- mainly as a place to put users and for Kate to work out of.  Due to the shift in structure, Greg is working with OSG Security to get proper certs established.  Moving along slowly but moving along! 

---+++ !IceCube

(Steve Barnett) Working with Igor and Dan Bradley of GLO.  Setup submit machine.  Some H/W problems and gaps in communication.  Collaboration meeting in Berlin so things are slow. Initial tests look promising.  Need to get someone to stand in for me during November and December when I will be at the South Pole (Perhaps you can blog for iSGTW or OSG Newsletter--DR).

---+++ !nanoHUB

PASS 

---+++ !NYSGrid 

PASS

---+++ !Engage

(Mats Rynge) 

PASS

---+++ !SBGRID/NEBioGrid

(Peter Doherty) Internal work.  MIT application for Grid is being pursued.  Move of portal job is still underway.  Steady progress on data staging.  May need SRM Site Selection utility

---++ AOB

---+++ !THANKS BRITTA

On behalf of all of us who attend the VO Group Weekly Forum, Abhishek Singh Rana and David Ritchie would like to thank Britta Daudert for her year of service co-leading this forum.


  






-- Main.DavidRitchie - 24 Sep 2009
