%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1462562657" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | June 18, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Dennis Box (CDF), Britta Daudert (VO Group), Jeff Dutton ( !CompBioGrid), Ted Hesselroth (Storage), Greg Monaco (GPN), Doug Olson (Security), Mats Rynge (Engagement), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications)

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090611][Weekly Forum: June 11]] 

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Nothing to report.

---++ Storage (Ted Hesselroth)

Ted will periodically attend VO Group meetings to discuss extensions he is working on, mainly in storage. He is currently working on a tool for discovery of opportunistic storage, which will provide a web interface, a set of commonly-used queries against BDII, and test queries (so VOs can make sure queries work as expected and properly handle authorization).  The tool should address both legacy storage and SRM.

Please try out command line tool, comment about documentation and ask Ted questions.

---++ OSG Communications

No news items beyond D0 and !nanoHUB 

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

No issues to report. Should have opportunistic storage information in 2-3 weeks. Dennis signed up for gratia weekly reports, but does not think he received them this week; he will double-check and report back. Abhishek will bring up in Production meeting.

---+++ !CompBioGrid 

---+++ D0 

Joel not available, but Britta reports a drop in !MC production. This is being closely monitored.

---+++ Fermi-VO 

Not present.

---+++ !Geant4 

Not present. Abhishek will contact Chris to see what progress can be made.

---+++ GPN (Greg Monaco)

GPN is in the process of change (used to be managed by David Swanson at Nebraska); also working with Trash/Engagement to determine the best course given their needs. 

---+++ !IceCube 

Not present, but Steve sent [[%ATTACHURL%/IceCubeStorageModel-06-18-09.pdf][IceCube Storage Model document]]

---++ AOB

---+++ ITB 1.1 validation by VOs 

Abhishek sent out email asking VOs to participate. Trash/Engagement is testing certain things, but not going down the checklist.

---+++ Engagement (Mats Rynge)

Beginning to look at opportunistic storage.




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 18 Jun 2009

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/IceCubeStorageModel-06-18-09.pdf][IceCubeStorageModel-06-18-09.pdf]]: IceCube overview of computing systems

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="IceCubeStorageModel-06-18-09.pdf" attachment="IceCubeStorageModel-06-18-09.pdf" attr="" comment="IceCube overview of computing systems" date="1245353055" path="IceCubeStorageModel-06-18-09.pdf" size="36229" stream="IceCubeStorageModel-06-18-09.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12304" user="MarciaTeckenbrock" version="1"}%
