%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1321560918" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | Nov 17*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending
Marko Slyz, John-Paul Robinson, Marco Mambelli, Gabriele Garzoglio, Tanya Levshina, Chander Sehgal, Horst Severini

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20111103][Weekly Forum: Nov 3, 2011]] 

---++ Announcements


---++  Open Forum

SURAGrid - John-Paul reported that work continued on adapting an (Autodoc based) application to run in the Condor environment.  Getting the UAB site up is slowed due to local staff availability; but continuing to move forward

DOSAR - Horst reported that planning continues on the Ghana workshop (for August 2012)

EIC - Gabriele reported that the EIC team at BNL is ready to redeploy their applications to production on OSG; they are also interested in running on LLNL resources.

---++  Presentations/Discussion

Organizing and forming a VO - Jose Caballero and Terrence Martin



-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 15 Nov 2011