%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1282174054" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | August 19, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

<!-- Marco Mambelli (Sites), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), David Ritchie (Communications), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, VOs Group), Steve Timm (Fermilab-VO)-->


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100805][Weekly Forum: August 5]] 

---++ Announcements 

---++ Security 

---++ Communications 

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%


---++ D0

Offline from Joel Snow: Action on the part of OSG required re https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9068
GUMS template lacks an entry for dzeroservice that appears in D0's custom configuration. 


---++ Fermilab-VO 

---++ GLUE-X


---++ SBGrid/NEBioGrid


---++ AOB






-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 18 Aug 2010
