%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285864" format="1.1" version="1.10"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ VO Group Weekly Forum | March 18, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams (GPN), Peter Doherty (!NEBioGrid/SBGrid), Dan Fraser (Production),  Gabriele Garzoglio (FNAL OSG Group Leader), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Marco Mambelli (OSG Sites & Integration), Doug Olson (OSG Security), Maxim Potekhin (OSG-VO), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group),  David Ritchie (OSG Communications), Joel Snow (D0), David Swanson (Holland Computing Center), Marcia Teckenbrock (VO Group, OSG Communications), Nanbor Wang (Tech-X Corporation), Jim Weichel (Documentation, Training)

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20100304][Weekly Forum: March 4]] 

---++ Sites and VOs Policy exchange/SVOPME Discussion (Gabriele Garzoglio)

Have been working with Nanbor Wang (Tech-X) on SVOPME project, which tries to address issue of automating VOs/site policy communication. Enables site admins to know whether they are really supporting a VO by verifying their site configuration has mechanism to support the privileges/permissions defined by each VO. 

!FermiGrid ITB site has components available to do small-scale evaluation by a VO. First, need !VOs to evaluate the policy editor interface and provide feedback on the types of policies listed in tool. Then, the VO may do second level of evaluation to see if !FermiGrid ITB supports these pre-defined policies.

SVOPME is different from RSV. E.g., RSV has functionality from a site perspective, whereas SVOPME can capture permissions/policies from !VOs.

Maintenance effort required for !VOs is not known yet; roughly expected to be medium-scale, e.g., install tools, look over kind of policies, put together a set of policies ~ 1 day. Some testing with Trash/Engagement VOs and !FermiGrid site.

Abhishek will follow up with Dan, Marco, Mine and Alain to discuss further.

[[http://nucleus.txcorp.com/~nanbor/ISGC2010-Wang-slides.ppt][Nanbor's SVOPME presentation to iSGC]]

---++ Announcements 

Thanks to all stakeholders who arranged to be at All Hands last week. Had in-person discussions with D0, CDF, Fermilab-VO, GLUE-X, SBGrid, !IceCube, ALICE, DOSAR, !NanoHUB, NYSGrid, OSG-VO/CHARMM, GPN, potential new VO HCC. Follow up in progress in coming weeks. 

VO Group will soon be starting next cycle of updates to [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/Stakeholder_PlansNeedsRequirements][Stakeholder Plans/Needs and Requirements]] database, with emphasis on: (i) current production averages, (ii) future production estimates. 

---++ VOs in focus 

---+++ CDF 

Not present.

---+++ !CompBioGrid

Not present. Offline update: !CompBioGrid site at UCHC is running at full capacity; continuing to do production for primarily the Trash/Engagement VO with occasional SBGrid work. Last week a user managed to hang all but 4 nodes in UCHC cluster possibly due to memory usage. Had to forcibly reboot every node to get users to respond. Need to find out if there is an easy way to identify users in such scenarios. URL for GOC tickets has changed; need to go through the !CompBioGrid blog and update the links to the GOC ticket viewer. More hardware is expected in coming weeks; will be used to build a second CE.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Had a lot of D0-internal infrastructure problems last week; fixed now. SE increased efficiency by a factor of 3; waiting to hear back from Mark Sosebee / ATLAS to start tests.

---+++ Fermi-VO

Not present.

---+++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Created a new local user representing each VO: Success! Took some time to settle (new !VOs hitting quota limit immediately, so had to make adjustments).

Ongoing issue of worker nodes not having individual users defined (only head node). Every condor job runs under a generic account. !NFS-lite used to avoid pitfalls of shared NFS file system across cluster where jobs land on head node. Doesn't want to change policy.

Abhishek will discuss with Marco; and will find input for Richard from peer areas (either sites or security policy group) to follow up with. 

!VOs using GLUE-X site now: Engage, GEANT4, GPN, LIGO, !SBGrid, GLOW.

Remaining issues: still need to decide on a scheme for job dispatching (possible candidates are PANDA, OSG !MatchMaker, !GlideinWMS); if there is an obvious choice, input welcome; workload important. Dan will forward link to incomplete document that discusses this. Abhishek will follow up with Richard.

---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

Another GOC ticket #8248 on new user.

---+++ nanoHUB

Not present.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Maxim conveys that BNL team is setting up Panda submission infrastructure for SBGrid. 

SBGrid upgraded one cluster to 1.2; went well, but can't tell that everything's running. RSV says it is.

Dan F will follow up with problem with Florida's configuration (site is exporting CE install using OSG_GRID environmental variable in a way which is different from the normal OSG convention.) 

Request for Peter: Please pull together a list of the problems which were identified so far, and how these were resolved.

---+++ HCC (David Swanson)

New VO: Holland Computing Center, Nebraska; high performance computing center that has been associated with OSG through CMS and now has a growing number of users; have worked with Engage. Currently implementing VOMS machine; should be finished this week. VO is OIM registered (GOC #8125). Abhishek will follow up with David.


---++ AOB

Jim Weichel: trying to gain an understanding on non-HEP usage by domain; received input from SBGrid in the forum. Marcia will follow up with !CompBioGrid.

!SBGrid mainly structural biology now (90-95%). All users will do biomedical research.



Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum


---++ Notable items
   * Abhishek to follow up with Dan, Marco, Mine, and Alain to discuss possibility of SVOPME evaluation.
   * Abhishek to discuss !GLUE-X policy on individual users on worker nodes with Marco; will find input for Richard from peer areas (either sites or security policy group) to follow up with.
   * Dan to forward link to Richard Jones regarding job dispatching candidates.
   * Dan to follow up with !SBGrid's feedback on UFlorida site's configuration. Site is exporting CE install using OSG_GRID environmental variable in a way which is different from the normal OSG convention.
   * Peter Doherty to consider compiling a list of issues and related solutions from SBGrid.
   * Abhishek to follow up with David Swanson regarding HCC needs.
   * Marcia to follow up with !CompBioGrid on non-HEP usage by domain.




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 15 Mar 2010