%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1256239809" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | October 22 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Mine Altunay, Steve Barnet, Dennis Box, Steve Clark, Jeff Dutton, Doug Olson, Abishek Singh Rana, Horst Severini, Joel Snow, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091015][Weekly Forum: October 15]] 

---++ Announcements 

---++ Security (Mine Altunay, Doug Olson)

!DOEGrids change of fields (started 10/12-10/19)--if you got a host cert for a gatekeeper and a couple others, it won't work. Reverted CA back immediately to previous state. Several hundred were issued certificates during that time; need to send email to let them know they need to get new, original version of cert and will also include . (Mine)  Host and user certs affected. A postmortem is being conducted on why this change was not communicated to OSG. We need to have a process for testing certs before they go into protection.

Are other VOs also affected?  CMS first to report. IceCube had 1 personal cert issued, but there is time to correct. Solution is to get new certificate from !DOEGrids. 

Fermilab KCA Old CA was going to be dropped from IGTF bundle on Oct 27th. This has been delayed and will go into effect at next release in December.

Survey response:  A reasonable number have responded. Doug has list of those who haven't responded.

Sites still not patched: GLOW-Mini-OSG-UCSB (Abhishek will contact), Nebraska Firefly, Nebraska Prairiefire 

---++ Storage 

In Y4, OSG goal to see if VOs willing to adopt SRM storage. Please email osg-storage.

---++ Communications 

Supercomputing09 - please let Marcia know if you will be attending.

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

See security announcements above.

---+++ ALICE

Not present.

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Good progress on SL5 validation of software. Dedicated queue on production system that runs; not fully validated, but getting there. 

Long term goal re: scaling beyond !FermiGrid resources. Currently have better understanding of going about it and in process of trying to add a few sites (LHC ramp up will affect CDF use of current sites.)

---+++ D0 

Not present.

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Grid UNESP figured out MPI problem and will put out web page documentation about setting this up. Will continue working on OSG install and GUMS server, but won't put into production until after SC|09; are participating in Bandwidth Challenge there with new 10GB link. 

Gratia reporting shows %age value. Probe config shows CPU inefficiency. in process of upgrading all CEs OU condor pool and gatekeeper to 1.2, which should solve problem.

---+++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet)

!GlideinWMS basic infrastructure working. Sending small-scale test jobs at several different sites. Looking at job flow. Steve departs for South Pole November 4th. Back beginning of January. Juan Carlos will try to attend VO forum.

Need to talk to Dave Ritchie in Communications. Marcia will put in touch.

---+++ !nanoHUB (Steve Clark)
 
Not present.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid 

Not present.


---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Nothing new. Site still functional and Engage still doing work on it. Discussion w/ Ion (VO manager) regarding app development plan. Timeline slightly revised: Explot work done this summer and automate site selection, move libraries, etc. Hope to have the automated services and running at a grid site in 6 weeks. Second app as well.

---++ AOB


Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 21 Oct 2009
