%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1462562657" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | August 13, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Dennis Box (CDF), Britta Daudert (VO Group), Peter Doherty (SBGrid), Jeff Dutton ( !CompBioGrid), Greg Monaco (GPN), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Joel Snow (D0), Steve Timm (FNAL-VO), David Ritchie (Communications)

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090806][Weekly Forum: August 6]] 

---++ Announcements:

None

---++ Security 

No particular items to mention.  At the Site Administrators Workshop last week, there were some excellent informational materials that may be of interest to small sites (i.e., Tier III style sites).  Consult the Twiki and / or Indico entries for more information.  

---++ Storage

None

---++ Communications 

Anyone having information appropriate for the next OSG Newsletter or for iSGTW, please e-mail David Ritchie (ritchie@fnal.gov).

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ !CompBioGrid

!CompBioGrid has updated to OSG 1.2.  There are some work node related (and other) items that still need to be validated.  Things are going very well.  The PBS issue is still present but they are working around it at present.  The site is almost up.

It is a small site with 58 CPUs.  An application cluster consisting of an additional 400 CPUs is planned to be migrated into the site in the near term.

An intern is working on adding certain local applications to the site.

---+++ D0

Last week there was a lack of work (i.e. submitted jobs) but now the site is back up to its standard level.  An infrastructure bottleneck was discovered and fixed.

Of concern is a change in the eviction / pre-emption philosophy at one site previously used which has impacted processing.  There was discussion about the route to take in understanding this change.  A GOC ticket was suggested as the way to begin exploring this matter (accidental change or intentional).

The space expiration token issue has been settled.

---+++ !Fermi-VO

Significant amounts of internal planning activities are occuring.  Information as to what will be needed in the future has been sent into Abhishek.  It appears that there will be a need for additional resources about as much as the size of the present cluster. There was some addition discussion concerning this.  Last week the occupancy was 99.7%. Last month it was 79%.  This variation is indicative of the changing demand for resources.

There was additional discussion of the impact this might have in other areas, such as CDF.  

There will be a close-out of the OSG - !TeraGrid Gateway project in the next week or so.

---+++ GPN

There was discussion of the impact of having to find a new home for the VOMS server for GPN. There was some clarification of what should be the next steps.  GPN (Greg) will explore these areas.

---+++ GROW

Not present

---+++ !IceCube 

!IceCube has talked with Abhishek. They have done some homework about the !GlideIn and DAGS mechanisms.  There is follow up work required with Igor.  Things are moving along nicely.

---+++ !NYSGrid

On Vacation

---+++ !SBgrid

Nothing new to report. In contact with Trash/Engagement as needed.

---+++ !CDF

Not much new to report.  CDF would like to second the importance of an effort to figure out what the pre-emption and eviction rules are.  CDF did get a good understanding of what the rules are at Wisconsin.  They were then able to adjust their submission practices appropriately.  It is nice to know what people's policies are.

They had turned off opportunistic use by outsiders at one point. They are hoping to turn it back on.  At the moment, though, any changes in configuration are frozen

---++ AOB



  


-- Main.DavidRitchie - 13 Aug 2009