%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1462562657" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | May 14, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Britta Daudert (VO Group in OSG), Jeff Dutton (CompBioGrid), Doug Olson (OSG Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG), David Ritchie (OSG Comm), Neha Sharma (OSG Storage), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Comm), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090507][Weekly Forum: May 07]]

---+ Agenda

---++ VOs in focus


---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

   * Had a slow week; some pbs timeout issues on their side, not sure if server or networking issues.
   * Jeff will make blog his first priority over GOC tickets. First publish list of all issues.
 
---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

No major issues; still debugging jobmgr (jobs falling through holes), though Joel feels this is not a significant problem.

* missed rest of Joel's report. 

---+++ GPN

Not present
   
[General statement: Mats has stated that Trash/Engagement can provide targeted help to GPN, GROW, and GUGrid. (Work started with GPN, who has limited staff.) These !VOs should be invited to attend meeting and asked to reply to invite.]
 
---+++ GUGrid

Not present

---+++ GROW

Not present   

---+++ !IceCube

Not present
   
---+++ Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

   *There will be a big production ramp-up for the ILC VO.
   * A meeting with GOC last week took place addressing the ticketing system.
   * There was a joint OSG/Teragrid blueprint meeting last week, where it was a agreed OSG would provide effort (Chris Green) for production-level testing.
   * Keith Chadwick will provide feedback on myosg; is on his to-do list.

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Dennis will talk to Rick Snider to consider long-term needs of CDF in terms of opportunistic storage (not an issue at present).

---++ AOB

---+++ VORS deprecation

GOC sent an email last week, but would like a document; GOC will contact the handful of !VOs that have not responded to request to test.

---+++    Publications and achievements by at-large VOs, for OSG Communications (David Ritchie)

   * OSG is soliciting lists of publications from at-large science communities for the NSF report next month.  Marcia will attend  Fermilab Grid User's meeting on 5/18 to announce there. An email is expected to go out by end of week.
   * CDF and D0 had agreed some time ago to formally acknowledge OSG in research papers. CDF is doing this; don't know about D0 (Joel will talk to Brad Abbott). For large collaborations like D0, all research made possible by OSG, so perhaps statistics should be given (e.g., SPIRES results) rather than a list of all documents. 

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 13 May 2009 %BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 14 May 2009