%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1317670568" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | October 6*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110929][Weekly Forum: Sept 29 2011]] 

---++ Announcements

*Revised Dates* - The OSG glideinWMS team at UCSD is organizing a glideinWMS frontend workshop at UCSD, tentatively for the week spanning January 16 to 20.  

The tentative structure is as follows:

   * a couple of days of training
   * a day or so of discussion among various existing frontend admins
   * a day or so of brainstorming about what should be the best practices and possibly writing them down

All VO Front-end Administrators are invited and encouraged to attend, if possible.  Please let Igor know if these dates work?  Also, would the week before or after work, if it would not work for others?

Please email Igor directly on this matter....  Thanks,  Contact Info:  Igor Sfiligoi   Email = sfiligoi@fnal.gov



---++  Presentations

---+++ VDT Native Packaging (RPMs) Update - Alain Roy and Suchandra Thapa




---++  Open Forum


---++ AOB



-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 26 Sep 2011
