%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285864" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | April 23, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Steve Barnet (ICECUBE), Britta Daudert (VO Group in OSG), Jeff !DeReus (GROW), Jeff Dutton (CompBioGrid), Doug Olson (OSG Security), David Ritchie (OSG Comm), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Comm)

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090416][Weekly Forum: April 16]]

---+ Agenda

---++ VOs in focus


---+++ GPN 
not present, but Britta reports that Dan Frasier has started a thread and Mats Rynge (Engagement) is arranging a call between GPN and the Trash/Engagement team.

---+++ GROW (Jeff !DeReus)
Last pieces of cluster in place and have opened up to a couple users for testing of installation; expect to hear from testers within next day or two, and expect to begin running jobs early next week. Will update next week and plans to attend VO Group meetings over next month.

VOMS issue from early April:  Steve Timm of Fermi VO said issue was resolved at that time, however, Jeff received an email from GOC stating there are still failures (but no details provided). Britta will follow up with GOC to see if this is still an issue.

 
---+++ GUGrid
not present

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)
Today has successfully run a job on the !TeraGrid gateway. Next step is discussion with D0 about modifying !SAMGrid infrastructure to work with gateway.

SPRACE issue still being looked at (no GOC ticket). The globus people are making changes to gridmanager (jobs are never getting complete status).

CMS wallclock limit: Discussed in Production meeting; Dan, Miron and Abhishek will discuss further. 

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)
CE validation continues. A couple small issues occurred (tickets opened for each): problem with pbs jobs and GIP problem with site not reporting, even though production data is available. In terms of functionality, things look good.

Jeff has [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/CompBioGrid_OSG][blog]] to share !CompBioGrid experiences.
 
---+++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet)
Ongoing need for temporary file storage at sites. A thread has been started. Effort over the next couple weeks will be scaled back. Steve will check back with us in 2 weeks.

---+++ Fermi-VO
not present

---+++ Security (Doug Olson)
The VO registration process will be discussed in next Tuesday's Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting. Comments may be sent to any of the OSG Security members prior.
 
---+++ Planning toward VORS-deprecation
DES has conveyed that VORS is not used, rather ReSS is. NYSGrid is looking at MyOSG/OIM pages. STAR has decided to discuss this in its internal meetings and will then provide feedback as needed. Fermilab-VO/FermiGrid's requirements are being looked into by MyOSG/OIM development team at GOC. The development team (at GOC) is expected to furnish a document with the new API and new functionality. Watch for announcements.

---++ AOB

OSG Communications: David Ritchie is interested in your milestones for inclusion in OSG newsletter. One or two sentences. Other things to share with OSG members, such as experiences, how-tos, etc. are also welcome and may be sent to osg-contact mailing list.
 



-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 22 Apr 2009 %BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 23 Apr 2009
