%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481048007" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | July 22, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

<!--
<img src="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Sandbox/AbhishekSinghRanaSandbox/under_construction.gif">
-->

---++ Attending
Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, VOs Group), Steven Timm (Fermi-VO)

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100708][Weekly Forum: July 8]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek Singh Rana)

Planning for OSG Year 5 has begun (FY2010-2011). Annual updates to Stakeholder Planning documents are being invited in July 2010. We have received input from 10 stakeholders; 5 additional stakeholders are working on it. Our sincere gratitude to everyone who has provided input. The documents are available at: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/Stakeholder_PlansNeedsRequirements

---++ Security 

Not present.

---++ Storage 

Nothing to report.


---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%


---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Have had some VO-internal infrastructure problems last week. Upgrading D0/SAMGrid code for data handling. Nevertheless, in the last 7 days, D0's production rate across OSG was very good: nearly 11.8 million events. 

Richard Jones said that a lot of SAMGrid jobs are landing at GLUE-X's UConn-OSG site, but 50% of the time jobs are sitting idle and waiting for input files. Joel said the expert at FNAL has this in queue to do. Once implemented, efficiency is expected to be much higher.

---++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Working on the annual requirements document requested by Abhishek. A very high priority item is: (i) for the VDT team to expedite inclusion of VOMS-Admin's Version 2.5, (ii) and also to get instructions on how to transition VO data from old/current version to version 2.5. The new version of VOMS-Admin is already distributed by EGEE/EGI. Other requirements are likely to be: further improvements to GLUE schema and GIP, etc.

Fermilab-VO management team is in preliminary discussions to bring in new group relevant to Collider Physics simulation. Steve is not sure yet when this group will ramp up. Also helping AUGER sub-VO to register with the OSG. AUGER is actually registered as a VO at EGEE/EGI, so VO contact personnel are located in Europe. 

---++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Richard Jones is inviting comments from the OSG and OSG Security team regarding the document he has submitted to Jefferson Laboratory regarding security mechanisms used. Document is available at: http://zeus.phys.uconn.edu/UConn-OSG/client-services.html

Several users from IU signed up and tried out the VOMRS handshake. 

Richard has asked Doug Olson for formal approval to become an Agent for X.509 certificate related matters in GLUE-X.

Production on UConn-OSG site is going smoothly. 

As mentioned previously in this meeting, a lot of the jobs, after they start, are waiting for data. Richard expects this to improve once opportunistic storage comes into play.

---++ !GridUNESP

Not present.

---++ SBGrid/NEBioGrid 

Not present.


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 16 Jul 2010