%META:TOPICINFO{author="JoseCaballero" date="1322676451" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | December 1, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20111117][Weekly Forum: Nov 17, 2011]] 

---++ Announcements

---++  Open Forum

---++  Presentations/Discussion

Organizing and forming a VO - Jose Caballero and Terrence Martin

We are collecting all possible information on how to create a new VO. Final goal is to provide for complete, comprehensive and accurate information and procedures for future new VOs. 
We are putting the information we get in this wiki (work in progress): 
  https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/Release3/NavOsgVO
Any feedback is welcome. 

-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 29 Nov 2011