%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrittaDaudert" date="1220994218" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserGroupMeetings"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/09/11
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time.

Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111.

---+++ Present
   * Philippe Canal (FNAL/OSG Accounting) 
   * Steve Clark (nanoHUB) 
   * Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage) 
   * Preston Smith (Purdue site) 
   * Joel Snow (D0) 
   * Britta Daudert (OSG VO Group / LIGO) 
   * Abhishek Singh Rana (OSG VO Group) 
   * Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications) 
---+++ Agenda

---+++ nanoHUB (Steve Clark), and related work with OSG Accounting (Philippe Canal)

   * [[NanohubNotes][Aug 21 discussion]] 
   * Goals: 
      * Understand possibility of different conventions, and thus variations in job accounting; nanoHUB vis-a-vis Gratia. 
      * Try to diagnose causes of low job success rates. 
      * Suggest, and move forward, measures to improve job success rates, i.e., nanoHUB efficiency. Encourage nanoHUB to increase utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Solicit nanoHUB's citing OSG usage in publications and in scientific result 
   * %BLACK%Accounting Discrepencies:%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%Are "grid jobs" and batch jobs both being reported by nanoHUB? <br />%ENDCOLOR% 
         * %BLACK%Preston to send Philippe list of condor jobs and/or look at condor_history by next week.<br />%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%New possible problem: Jobs not appearing on days Preston thinks they're running; Philippe would like to track a job from start to finish.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Step Two: look at job success rates: after accounting issues resolved. %ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ MPI, NERSC & NCSA

*Status:*
   * Andy Howard (Purdue) made changes suggested by Parag (can specify which MPI in RESS), which were successful. 
   * Parag will move change into VDT.
---+++ VO classification
   * Geant4
   * GRASE 
---+++ OSG VO
   * <font size="-1"><font face="Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif">OSG VO user is regularly causing load spikes on SBGrid and other sites head nodes </font></font>

---+++ USERS Message Board/Forum

*%BLACK%Status:%ENDCOLOR%*
   * %BLACK%Available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VOGroup/Forum/%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Marcia will work on as time permits.%ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ Any other business

*Wikipedia page for Open Science Grid:* <a target="_blank" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid</a>
   * Needs updating 
   * Abhishek will look at. 
   * %BLACK%If no time in two weeks, we should reassign %ENDCOLOR% 

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 09 Sep 2008