%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445889" format="1.1" version="1.13"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Bi-monthly Forum | September 25, 2008
---+ (Y3 Planning-I)

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

<!--HIDDENSTART
%RED%Please Note: Meeting minutes are not complete yet.%ENDCOLOR%

HIDDENEND-->

Alina Bejan (OSG-EDU VO), Brian Bockelman (OSG Metrics), Dennis Box (CDF VO), Britta Daudert (VO Group in OSG, LIGO VO), Steve Gallo (NYSGrid), Gabriele Garzoglio (VO Services project), Lynn Garren (ILC VO), Dick Greenwood (DOSAR), Levente Hajdu (STAR), Soichi Hayashi (OSG Operations), Ted Hesselroth (OSG Storage), Burt Holzman (GIP, CMS), Sam Hoover (Clemson campus grid), Nickolai Kouropatkine (DES VO), Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage), Parag Mhashilkar (!ReSS), Doug Olson (OSG Security), Anand Padmanabhan (!CiGi), Maxim Potekhin (OSG WMS), Rob Quick (OSG Operations), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG, OSG Storage), Alain Roy (OSG Software), Mats Rynge (Engage VO), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Joel Snow (D0 VO), Ian Stokes-Rees (SBGrid), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermilab VO)
---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20080918][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ 

---++ OSG plan to migrate from VORS to RSV monitoring (Rob Q, Soichi)
   * Current VORS location vors.grid.iu.edu 
   * Preliminary Planning Stages Now 
      * First Step is to find out how VORS is being used. How is your VO using VORS? 
      * Some VORS usage data at http://vors.grid.iu.edu/webalizer 
   * Alpha Version of a Replacement at rsv.grid.iu.edu 
      * What is missing from VORS that should be built into a replacement? * Mail suggestions to rsv-dev@opensciencegrid.org 
   * VO role call to see who is using VORS and how.
      * Don't use VORS: CiGI, CDF, D0, DOSAR, Engage, ILC, CMS
      * DES: use for getting gatekeeper & job manager info; the rest of the info is from ReSS
      * Fermilab: have script from VORS page to see which sites support the Fermi VO; until recently, used Gratia to determine who the site admin (Rob Q. says this is ava. in OIM).
      * NYSGrid: not using programatically, but users do look things up on their own; no problems moving to RSV.
      * SBGrid: uses VORS only to check site status; finds RSV documentation "opaque." Needs to be easier to understand what's going on and better documented; has been a pain getting probes running. 
      * Clemson: uses VORS only to check site status; 
      * STAR: use as a scheduler plugin; use text version (ok, but have to get the site number from the main page, then use that number as a reference on a secondary page to get site info).
      * LIGO: Pegasus pulls info out of.
   * Associated input shared from GIP, OSG WMS, !ReSS. 

---++ OSG plan to migrate to new CA certificates distribution (Doug)
   * CA certs are being distributed and installed differently. Although this is disruptive, the instructions are straightforward. 
      * New procedures: http://www.grid.iu.edu/news/news.php?id=430 
      * Survey for VOs: http://www.surveygizmo.com/s/69345/osg-vo-ca-survey 
   * VO role call to make sure Doug's survey was received and to see when VOs will be updating. 
   * Questions should be sent to Doug Olson 

---++ Virtual Organizations Group in OSG: Year3 Goals and new focus (Abhishek)
   * Introductions were made to various members of OSG Areas and partner projects, goals of each in context of VOs: 
      * Ted Hesselroth & Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage): trying to work more closely with VOs; provides storage solutions to be part of VDT package; provides user and site admininistrator support for sites; helps users use opportunistic storage provided by OSG sites by working with resource providers and users of storage. 
      * Brian Bockelman (OSG Metrics): will be deciding at meeting next week how to proceed in VO Group context. 
      * Parag Mhashilkar (!ReSS): looking for more input from VOs on how to extend service so that more people can use it and on how to make it more efficient. 
      * Gabriele Garzoglio (VO Services project): no new requests for VO Services are being accepted, but are happy to consider new projects. 
      * Burt Holzman (GIP): recently asked for input from VOs on new GIP release (new input may be too late for this release, but is welcome for the next release) 
      * Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications): working to obtain information on scientific publications by OSG members; article ideas for what science is being done as a result of OSG. 
      * Britta Daudert (VO Group in OSG): coordinates Weekly VO Forums. 
      * Alain Roy (OSG Software): open to input and feature requests from all stakeholders. 

---++ Forums with different scope: weekly, bi-monthly, email. (Abhishek)

(a) Weekly VO Forum: inviting 1-2 select stakeholders, and peer OSG groups, for focused discussion. Span is the same 1-3 stakeholders for 3-6 weeks.

(b) Bi-monthly VO Forum: inviting representatives of all at-large stakeholders, for open virtual round table discussions.

(c) Email Forum: osg-vo-forum list with representatives from each stakeholder.

---++ General stakeholder discussions (VOs in attendance)

Discussion was postponed for next meeting.

---++ Any Other Business

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 23 Sep 2008%BR% -- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Sep 2008