%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1329169733" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+++ *VO and User Support Forum | February 9, 2012*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---+++ Attending
Marko Slyz, John-Paul Robinson, Tanya Levshina, Kate Adams, Steve Timm, Jeff Porter, Mats Rynge, Chander Sehgal

---+++ Announcements


---+++  Open Forum
SuraGrid - John-Paul reported that they are doing a CE install using RPM based VDT at UAB; at present they testing out interfaces in prep for going into service

GPN - Kate Adams is installing a VOMS in a VM and needs to work thru some network connectivity issues for the VM; she is pursuing.

ALICE - Jeff Porter reported that they will likely update NERSC-PDSF using RPM based software next month.  The are also looking at enabling the EIC team at BNL to run on the LLNL site.

MARS - Steve Timm reported that the MARS VO is submitting a registration.

---+++  Presentations/Discussion



-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 08 Feb 2012