%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1285271613" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | September 23, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * %RED%Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 (Note new number and access code)%ENDCOLOR%

---++ Attending

Dan Fraser (Production), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications/VO Group), Joel Snow (D0), Steve Timm (!Fermilab_VO)

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100909][Weekly Forum: September 9]] 

---++ Announcements

Marco: The OSG Storage Forum organized by Marco Mambelli and Tanya Levshina is finished. Recordings of the forums are available in Adobe Connect at http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3377. Videos vill be available Friday. The presentations  also contain useful information:http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=3377

Attendees, please fill out the survey at http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/MWJF2Z3
 
Abhishek presented a summary of the feedback received from !VOs at that meeting. If there is more feedback, please feel free to send email to osg-vo-forum or osg-storage list.

Dan mentioned that Richard Jones of GLUE-X made a presentation at the Storage Forum. Richard is using dcache; has beeb sent material on Hadoop.

---++ Security (Doug Olson via email)

Following up on the item of Galois, Inc. having an
SBIR project to work on integration of grid/web access, there is a Doodle
poll if anyone wants to schedule a discussion with them in the next week:
http://www.doodle.com/skfi3k55wekdsna3.

Last week's Linux vulnerability in the 32bit compatibility layer on 64bit systems: Redhat and SL have
both released udpates to fix it, so the issues it caused at sites should be fixed or in the process of being fixed.


---++ Communications

Nothing to report. David Ritchie is busy with !SuperComputing preparations.



---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Ticket #9068 - modifying GUMS template: Terrance Martin reinstated modifications he made to his GUMS server configuration to allow D0 to run there. (Terrence Indicated in the ticket what those modifications were.)  Yet the GUMS template did not make it into ITB and Joel wonders when they will be added to the template. Terrance said he will remove his changes on Sept. 30. 

The GOC is responsible for changing the template. Abhishek will send email to Rob Quick and Scott Teige and will cc Terrence, Dan Fraser, Suchandra Thapa, and Mine Altunay. He will also bring this up in next week's production meeting. The hope is that Terrance will leave these changes in place for a bit longer. Steve Timm will also mention in Operations meeting, if necessary.

---++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

The registraton of !MicroBooNE VO has been approved while there has been no news on the LBNE VO. 

Abhishek conveyed in the OSG Storage Forum that Fermi !sub-VOs needed access to storage with low latency for the Energy Frontier projects. Are modifications to dcache, bestman or hadoop needed as well? 

Steve said that the raw data is in dcache and the applications are running on BlueARC NFS. BestMan is in front. 
Gabriele Gargolizo has a project that is looking at other options (i.e., Lustre, GPFS, Hadoop, and others). 

Steve's document on SL4/SL5 option based on ReSS will be completed but is not high priority.

---++ GLUE-X

Not Present.

---++ HCC

Not Present

---++ !IceCube 

Not Present.

---++ AOB



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 23 Sep 2010
