%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1272570134" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ VO Group Weekly Forum | April 29, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Kate Adams (GPN) Mine Altunay (Security), Steve Barnet (!IceCube), Jeff Dutton (!CompBioGrid), Dan Fraser (Production),  Marco Mambelli (Sites), Doug Olson (Security), David Ritchie (Communications), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (!Fermi-VO) 

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100422][Weekly Forum: April 22]] 

---++ Announcements 

   * Scientific Publications (David Ritchie):* (See attachment to minutes). We are in the process of collecting publications that relate to the benefits to OSG to be sent to NSF/DOE. We will ask for a complete list of publications from VO management in the next three or four weeks. Publications are to be categorized in 3 areas (scientific publications, OSG and related projects, OSG papers for general reference; see examples at [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/What_We%27re_Doing/Scientific_Publications][http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/What_We%27re_Doing/Scientific_Publications]].
You're welcome to send in your list now to osg-contact at opensciencegrid dot org

   * Reminder: Security team looking into ways to integrate registration process for GridCerts and VOs. Any VOs who would like to talk to Security team welcome to email Doug @ dlolson at lbl dot gov or osg-security at opensciencegrid dot org. In the near time, Doug is puttting together a web form for certificate registration that will be specific to the OSG and include a list of sponsors. 

   * Looking for VO input on job submission errors. These will be collected and collated in an effort to simplify the process for new !VOs.

   * VO Resource Predictions:* We are trying to understand needs of all !VOs to identify any hard limits. Please see/update [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/OSGResourcePredictions][https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/OSGResourcePredictions]] or [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/FineGrainProjections][https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/FineGrainProjections]] with your usage projections to help us make sure capacity meets needs.

---++ VO in focus 

---+++ CDF

Not present.

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Preparing to new server so on a bit of a hiatus. Looking forward to publicizing within instituation on behalf of !CompBioGrid.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Average 2M events per day for last 5 days. 

SE at SPRACE has increased efficiency. Not enough worker nodes.

PrairieFire [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=7926 ][ticket]] closed without resolution; Dan: nobody could dig into problem; only impacting D0; at this point, solution is to not use the site.

Joel sent message to UTA re SE -> no response. Joel will call Mark Soseby.

Dan says more storage was put in at Cornell for opp usage. 

---+++ Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

User questionnaire sent to users regarding scientific publications; Steve will follow up.

---+++ GLUE-X 

Not present.

---+++ !IceCube (Steve Barnet)

Resolving bottlenecks. Grabbed a table from simulation production folks to give usage predictions.
Abhishek will call Steve to discuss !IceCube Review.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid

---++ AOB





---++ Notable items
  
   









-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 29 Apr 2010
