%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1308249981" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | June 16, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams, Gabriele Garzoglio,  Kyle Gross, Tanya Levshina, Marco Mambelli, Chander Sehgal, Marko Slyz, Marcia Teckenbrock

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110609][Weekly Forum: June 9]] 

---++ Announcements

VPN will transitioning from !PacMan to RPM. Alain Roy will answer questions at this forum on June 30. 

Chander: There will be a new structure for the VO Forum. Chander would like to work with !VOs in advance; each meeting will feature two scheduled talks from !VOs, an open forum and tutorials and OSG staff announcements, as needed. Chander will begin contacting !VOs.



---++  VOs In Focus 

----+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

Moving VOMS from physical to virtual machine; when done, up-time should be better. (expecting this to be done in about 3 months.) 

---+++ NEES (Gabriele Garzoglio)

2 activities: Production phase of direct submission of jobs; 

Marko working closely to help resolve bottleneck from network. Storage at submission site also had bottleneck. (Engage submit at RENCI to UCSD) using globus-online. John McGee and Steven Cox opened up more space; user is pleased. 

Bringing into production working with NEES to prepare hub for submission of OSG jobs.Gabriele working with management at NEES. Will bring this into production at the end of July. This is a team effort








---++ AOB

- Summer workshop August 9-11 to be held at Texas Tech. The first two days OSG (one for site admins; one for users); last two is a VO meeting. Co-located with CMS and DOSAR meeting. Marco will follow up with Chander and Gabriele to discuss details.







-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 03 Jun 2011
