%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481048007" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | September 2, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Richard Jones (!Glue-Ex), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Doug Olson (Security), David Ritchie (Communications), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group),  Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications/VO Group) 


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100826][Weekly Forum: August 26]] 

---++ Announcements 
Abhishek: No key announcements. This fiscal year ends September 30. OSG managment is taking stock of goals and milestones as it wraps up.

EsNet is making a transition from !MeetingPlace to !ReadyTalk. We will send new coordinates out soon. 

[[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3377][OSG Storage Forum]] September 21-22 at the University of Chicago. Organizers have invited VO representatives to join the forum and describe their workflow, problems/successes in using storage. This is an excellent opportunity to engage in direct one-on-one discussions.



---++ Security (Doug Olson)


No announcements.


---++ Communications 


No announcement.

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%


---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

D0 had a minor problem on submissions that were fixed after several hours. Jobs are failing on the !UCONN SE today around 12:30 Central. Richard Jones has possibly determined the cause (See !Glue-Ex  report below). Progress has been made on the UCSD/GUMS issue; waiting for the fix to be implemented. (This will be an OSG-wide solution). Thanks to Doug Olson for moving this issue forward within the Security team.


---++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Working on documenting !BeSTMan gateway grid ftp server selection plugin. 

---++ Fermilab-VO 

Not present.

---++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Production side: Difficulties with SE this afternoon, but all !RSVs still green. In dcache, there is a  feature where the replica manager should keep two to three copies, but some were keeping only one. Richard had to restart dcache head, node, which may have produced the issues that Joel Snow reported above. The problem and the fix remain a mystery. Abhishek will introduce Richard to the Dcache team at Fermilab.
Also, at Dan Fraser's suggestion, Richard is considering Hadoop  before a large load is put onto the file system.

CE production is going well. There was a 95% success rate last week.

On the submission side: Richard is working on GlideIn issues with Igor Sfiligoi.


---++ !SBGrid

Not present.

---++ AOB





-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 02 Sep 2010