%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1320346471" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | Nov 3*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending
Marko Slyz, Joel Snow, Marco Mambelli, Steve Timm, Tanya Levshina

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20111020][Weekly Forum: Oct 20 2011]] 

---++ Announcements

OSG glideinWMS Workshop planned in San Diego starting January 17

http://hepuser.ucsd.edu/twiki2/bin/view/Main/GlideinFrontend1201

---++  Presentations


---++  Open Forum

Dzero - Joel Snow reported continuing good thru-put (there are specific problems at Notre Dame, Firefly, and MIT that need pursuit)

Fermilab/* VOs - Steve Timm reported no issues with production.  2 more groups will be published as VOs soon.

LSST - Steve Timm reported that discussions are in-progress to determine where to host the VOMS (perhaps at FNAL)

EIC (under Engage) - Marko Slyz reported taht EIC is resuming production after finding/fixing the problem in their application.



---++ AOB  


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 28 Oct 2011