%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1260481665" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | December 10, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams, Dennis Box, Mine Altunay, Steve Clark, Peter Doherty, Steve Gallo, Doug Olson, Abhishek Singh Rana, David Ritchie, Horst Severini, Joel Snow, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091203][Weekly Forum: December 3]]  

---++ Announcements 

Ongoing discussion on End to End information systems chaired by Burt Holzman (Fermilab); timeline not clear, but will get more details. Would like input on what types of info systems used for workflows, what are deficiencies.

Gathered list of plans, [[Stakeholder_PlansNeedsRequirements][plans and requirements]] for next FY; will look for updates in January, particularly for opportunistic users, D0 and CDF.

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

NTP vulnerability issue, advertised on O/S mailing lists. (Joel mentioned this is fixed on 2 Langston U clusters.) 
 
---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Successfully upgraded new portal to GlideinWMS.
Preemption issue: CDF tries to find out preemption policy, then select sites that will not preempt. Becomes a major issue when sites change preemption policy.  Abhishek: newer workflows try to incorporate new logic at submit site; Steve Clark has system where web page reports status rather than having to sift through log files; other sites may be able to use.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Things running smoothly, but below capacity; workload still low. 

Preemption issue discussed at council meeting. MIT still pre-empting;Florida seems to allow some jobs through; Other sites allow jobs through when slots. Rate of pre-emption is the real issue; Pleased with current SEs, but would love more.  Lots of MonteCarlo in coming year. Abhishek: would like to pursue w/ ATLAS management.

D0 requirements on stakeholder requirements page. 

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Horst is currently in Brazil; The !GridUNESP planning meeting yesterday; now configuring BestMan on new SE; working on charter for !GridUNESP to start VO application process. If other VO has a charter for Horst to use as reference, please email severini at ou dot edu. 

Next week, annual meeting.

---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Accelerator simulation going on, so big push now; Setting up D0 to run on the GP cluster.

---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

Arkansas user going through Engage so will start submitting jobs soon.

---+++ !IceCube 

Not present.

---+++ !nanoHUB (Steve Clark)

Sending a few jobs to OSG rather than local cluster; issue now is finding users for the application. Tool available for any !nanoHUB user; not promoted to nanoHUB users and potential users. Steve can use OSG Communications team (OSG Newsletter-contact David or Marcia).

Gentle reminder: Old request from Miron: looking for capacity needs from nanoHUB (CPU hours/day, /job, etc.)

---+++ !NYSGrid (Steve Gallo)

Interest in GPU cluster online from CS dept at university; exploring !Einstein@Home.  Continuing work on hub; (Steve Clark helping Elisa to get submit tool working); able to submit jobs from hub to cluster; working with other groups also. !HubZero article might be order. (Possible Technology Highlight?)

Ian Stokes-Rees asked for fix to xml parser.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Still working with a couple users to run jobs on OSG.

---++ AOB


Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum











-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 09 Dec 2009