%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625640" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | December 3, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams, Dennis Box, Jeff Dutton, Doug Olson, Abhishek Singh Rana, Igor Sfiligoi, Joel Snow, Steve Timm

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091119][Weekly Forum: November 19]]  

---++ Announcements 

Broad discussions being started on End-to-End Information System in OSG. Burt Holzman and Anthony Tiradani are leading the discussion. A key goal is to better understand "which information VO workflows need to consume to efficiently use the OSG". Input from all VOs is welcome.
 
---++ Security (Doug Olson)
 
CA-certificates package release being prepared for Debian platform. SecurityTeam team is working on it; GOC is expected to make a release in January 2010.

Fermilab VO in interested in status of new package's integration with Fetch-CRL package. Doug will find out.

Doug also expects to circulate a summary from the recent Identity Management meeting at UW-Madison.

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

CDF is currently in a rush to integrate the last portal to !GlideinWMS; Dec 8 is target date; looks achievable.

Kerberos CA transition has been completed. 

SL5 preparation is ongoing. Trying to finalize list of dependencies to be pre-installed at sites.

Rick Snider is making transition from the project.

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Site stable; being used by Engage VO. 

Discussion with Mine on certificate handling for Virtual Cell application. Key issue is traceability in a portal like environment. 

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

D0's production machine is not running at full capacity. Workload is low at the moment,

Storage issues at UNL and UCSD sites are now resolved. UCSD issue was related to SE metadata. UNL issue was related to quota and replication factor.

https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=7706 and https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=7738
   
---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

!MyOSG SLA now approved.

Document on sub-cluster parameter advertisement is in progress, but will take some time.

OSG-TeraGrid Gateway is partly inactive at the moment; to be picked up as needed.

---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

No current issues. Waiting to hear back from a potential user at Univ of Arkansas.

GPN Infrastructure status is not clear. VOMS server is stable. Kate to find out more details.

Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum








-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 02 Dec 2009