%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1238094033" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | March 26, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending
Britta Daudert (LIGO, VO Group in OSG), Jeff Dutton (CompBioGrid), Doug Olson (OSG Security), Jeff Porter (ALICE), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications)


---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090319][Weekly Forum: March 19]]

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)
Things going great this past week. Work on Condor problem w/ Alain and Suchandra has been fantastic; looks like problem solved and ready to move forward.


---+++ ALICE (Jeff Porter)
Task force continuing. Jeff putting together task force phone meeting next week. Has registered w/ OSG; the next step is stress tests to see whether ALICE interface can scale on OSG. (Waiting for a set of target numbers from Frederico; Jeff will ping.)

Getting Houston and Ohio State sites going is in future.

Article for !iSGTW premature now; will postpone until end of May, when task force finished.

---+++ Security (Doug Olson)
Discussion regarding robot certificates for automated processes (rather than authenticating w/ own user certs) will take place at the 3/30 Operations Meeting. OSG sites and ITB team have been invited. After next week's meeting, Doug will have more information, which will be discussed at VO meeting.

---++ AOB
None



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 26 Mar 2009
