%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1300994867" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | March 17, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Gabriele Garzoglio, Burt Holzman, Richard Jones, Marco Mambelli, David Matthews-Morgan, Rob Quick, John-Paul Robinson, Chander Sehgal, Igor Sfiligoi, Marko Slyz, Joel Snow,  Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm, Derek Weitzel

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110317][Weekly Forum: March 17]] 

---++ Announcements

Chander: doing housecleaning on OSG VO mailing list.

---++ Presentation: 

Igor Sfiligoi: [[%ATTACHURL%/monitoring_vo.pdf][GlideinWMS monitoring tool slides]]

Burt: for front-end monitoring plans: pushing more info out so everything at fingertips.



Rob Quick: Update on GOC factory: procuring hardware now. mirror of UCSD factory. ~ 1-2 months


---++  VOs In Focus 

---+++ SURAGrid (John-Paul Robinson, David Matthews-Morgan)

Chander: invited new major new VO to hear about near- and long-term goals.

Grid environment coming out of NMI testbed back in 2004; 
Largely a campus-based VO with varying levels in computation nal and grid-level expertise. Variety of science domains. 

Challenges: MPI issues and familiarity of people w/ cluster computing on campus (and no distance issues and time constraints associated with learning).

Fairly familiar with OSG fabric. (Some members of community also OSG members, particularly ATLAS and CMS)

Explored setting up test services. VOMS, have CA that ties all SURAGrid instititutions (not IGTF certified), preliminary account management.

Short-term goals: 
Trying to understand how to have campus reps part of SURAgrid participate in RA process for !DOEGrids CA so we can validate identities.
In parallel, looking to get core services (VOMS, indiv. campus sites to stand up VDT to become fully-functional resource providers.

Rob: need list of sponsors and their credentials, then can get started on approval process.

May 2 & 3: Bimonthly users meeting in D.C.; would like to have an OSG install fest. OSG expert availability would be useful. 

---+++ FermiGrid (Steve Timm)

---++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Downtime on RSV this week because Richard migrating dcache to chimera.



---++ AOB




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 24 Mar 2011


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="monitoring_vo.pdf" attachment="monitoring_vo.pdf" attr="" comment="GlideinWMS monitoring tool presentation" date="1300980401" path="monitoring_vo.pdf" size="616969" stream="monitoring_vo.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp65216" user="MarciaTeckenbrock" version="1"}%
