%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1242932310" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | May 21, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Britta Daudert (VO Group), Jeffrey De Reus (GROW), Jeff Dutton (CompBioGrid), Chris Green (GEANT4), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), David Ritchie (Communications), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications)

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090514][Weekly Forum: May 14]]

---+ Agenda

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Not present.

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)
Has been working on twiki page documenting their architecture and problems. Should be complete by tomorrow. The ongoing pbs issue is still unresolved, but a new expert has been identified by GOC to help.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Nothing new.

---+++ Geant4 (status update by Chris Green)

Chris went to CERN last week after unsuccessful resolution of issues leading to the inability to run jobs on OSG. The time spent was productive; they were able to run a limited set of jobs on 2 OSG sites. When expanding to more sites, there are still problems (the last test involved 14 sites that support Geant4, have the GEANT 4 reference software installed and advertised to the WLCG BDII. Progress continues. 
 
---+++ GPN  (David Swanson) 

Not present.

---+++ GROW (Jeffrey De Reus)

Out of service until he gets some power supplies (recent problem, not sure when will be resolved). Does GROW have a roadmap for reaching full resources used by a limited set of users? Yes.

---+++ GUGrid (David Cafaro) 

Not present.

---+++ !IceCube  (Steve Barnet) 

Not present.
   
---+++ Fermi-VO (Steve Timm) 

---++ AOB

Abhishek will work on requesting VOs who have an Inactive status to evaluate their timeframes for increasing production, and perhaps changing status to either active or temporarily inactive. He will also try to push for more effort from folks that are not attending the VO Group meetings.

Britta on vacation next two weeks. Abhishek & Marcia will cover.
 
---+++ VORS deprecation

GOC has a document which should be sent out on Friday. Would VOs please review and send feedback?

---+++    Publications and achievements by at-large VOs, for OSG Communications (David Ritchie)

June 8th is the deadline; Qizhong Li has list of D0 docs; thanks to everyone who has replied.

  
-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 20 May 2009 %BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 21 May 2009