%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1271358907" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ VO Group Weekly Forum | April 15, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Marco Mambelli (Sites), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group),  Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications) 

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100408][Weekly Forum: April 8]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek)

Many collaborators are at Condor Week; will start collecting scientific publications by end of May.

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Nothing to report

---++ VO in focus 


---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Production averaging about 10M per week; but limited by the number of slots. Waiting on UTA needs to authorize service account. 

Brad Abbott was at Council meeting early this week and said D0 was satisfied with current resources, but D0 is tnterested in increasing efficiency at sites already being used. Any help in getting sites up to a higher efficiency would be appreciated.

Some site details (usually jobs failing, but some do succeed):

   * Nebraska cluster (Prariefire) needs tobe looked into, but haven't heard response from Brian B.
The other 4 UNL clusters are operating well.
   * Purdue: able to use SE, but efficiency there is lower than at other sites. fluctuates to a high that is minimum on other SEs. We do get a significant number of slots there.
   * Mississippi doesn't give a lot of slots but efficiency is low
   * Also get a lot at SPRACE and UNESP, but they're not yet ready to provide SE, and they have low efficiency.

D0 analysis use of grid: not sure if this will happen in the future. Contacts are: Virgil Barnes (barnes at fnal dot gov) or Xizhong Li (MC production and analysis).


---++ AOB





---++ Notable items
  
   * Marco will open a GOC ticket on Joel's behalf for site efficiency issues.





-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 15 Apr 2010
