%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1300388891" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | March 17, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending



Kate Adams, Mine Altunay, Gabriele Garzoglio, Marco Mambelli, Rob Quick, John-Paul Robinson, Chander Sehgal, Marko Slyz, Joel Snow, Rick St. Denis,  Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm 

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110303][Weekly Forum: March 3]] 

---++ Announcements

Next week: Igor Sfiligoi - tutorial on how to use the accounting tools associated with the glideinWMS

Chander: working to improve forum's effectiveness and contacting !VOs individually for feedback.

Doing some housecleaning on the osg vo forum listserv.

---++  VOs In Focus 


---+++ CDF (Rick St. Denis)

KISTI had a number of disk filled errors; cause unknown. Maybe OSG s/w not cleaning up after. Had to blacklist ~ a dozen nodes (about half the capacity). A number of questions at various levels are being addresses with Marko and Gabriele. 

home area had half disk space and not being used. tmp area filling. What is best practice for OSG site configuration, general idea of disk size for these areas?

Steve Timm: has some insight on this. Rick will follow up with Steve. Also, on pbs, there's no automatic cleanup.

Marco: Both condor and pbs can do cleanup, but the site has to configure it.

Joel: has also run across this.

Keith Chadwick is visiting KISTI the week of the 8, so Rick may want to keep him in the loop.


---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Everything is running fine this week.

---+++ !Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

Usage summary completed. Used 3 million cpu hours in 2011. Negotiation between ILC !VOs at DESY and FNAL.



---+++ GLUE-X
 
Not present.

---+++ !IceCube

Not present.

---+++ !SURAgrid

John-Paul had to leave; back next week.




---++ AOB

Mine asked for any security issues: 

Marco: Campfire user is unable to authenticate on VOMS server. probably an installation configuration issue. Who to refer to? ITB folks.
Steve Timm willing to look at it. Rob suggests submitting a GOC ticket.

Kate Adams: question about digitally signed email; Mine asked her to submit ticket. Rob also said there is info on the Twiki under OSG RA.

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 17 Mar 2011
