%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1226000791" format="1.1" version="1.13"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ !VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group Bi-monthly Forum | October 02, 2008
---+ (Y3 Planning-II)

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

Dennis Box (CDF), Philippe Canal (OSG Accounting), Steve Clark (nanoHUB), Kevin Colby (NWICG), Britta Daudert (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group in OSG), Gabriele Garzoglio (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Services project), Ted Hesselroth (OSG Storage), Nickolai Kouropatkine (DES), Miron Livny (OSG Facility), Adam Lyon (D0), Parag Mhashilkar (!ReSS), Doug Olson (OSG Security), Anand Padmanabhan (CIGI), Maxim Potekhin (OSG WMS), Abhishek Singh Rana (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group in OSG), Mats Rynge (Engage-VO), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Joel Snow (D0), Steve Timm (Fermilab-VO)

Offline/apologies: Alina Bejan (OSG-Edu), Steve Gallo (NYSGrid), Levente Hajdu (STAR), Jerome Lauret (STAR), Russ Miller (NYSGrid), Ian Stokes-Rees (SBGrid), David Swanson (GPN), Mike Wilde (OSG-Edu)

---+++ [[VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoGroupMeeting20080925][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ Welcoming Stakeholders to year 3 (Miron, OSG Facility)
   * A key goal is to maximize utilization of OSG resources.

---++ Stakeholders' introductions, views, opinions (All VOs in attendance)
   * nanoHUB: Satisfied with job-accounting discrepancy resolution. Focus in near future is to look into site selection and job efficiency improvements.
   * Fermilab-VO: Consists of 12-14 sub-groups, all working well. Plan is to be active in future weekly VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo forum meetings.
   * DES: Uses both OSG and !TeraGrid. Expects to have more uniform site configuration (Miron: unlikely to happen due to heterogeneity). Need is to gather more accurate information before jobs are submitted to OSG. (Gabriele: Can !ReSS help with information gathering?). Plan is to be active in future weekly VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo forum meetings.
   * D0: Productivity has increased immensely. Looking for more storage sites to run on, hoping to see more improvements in near future. 
   * DOSAR: No specific requirements at this point. There is interest in MPI.
   * CDF: All working well. No specific requirements at this point. Plan is to be active in future weekly VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo forum meetings.
   * NWICG: Primarily, a resource provider. No requirements at this point. Plan is to stay in communication with VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group.
   * CIGI: Plan is to ramp up activity in next 6-12 months.

---++ Any Other Business
   * Next bi-monthly VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo forum will be held beginning of December. 

---++ 

---++ 

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 24 Sep 2008