%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1238711706" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | April 02, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Steve Barnett (ICECUBE), Dennis Box (CDF), David Cafaro (GUGrid), Britta Daudert (VO Group in OSG), Jeff DeReus (GROW), Jeff Dutton (CompBioGrid), Doug Olson (OSG Security) David Ritchie (OSG Comm), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG) , Ian Stokes-Rees (SBGrid), David Swanson (GPN), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Comm), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)


---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090326][Weekly Forum: March 26]]

---+ Agenda

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)
Things are progressing; VRVS up and running and working on monitoring configuration issues.

---+++GPN (David Swanson)
Ordered a few thousand cores and will be looking for users within a couple months. Leave status as inactive, but likely to be ramping up in two months. Will come and give update at that time.

Can use help in advertising to users and helping users port applications. Abhishek will arrange phone meeting with Engagement team.

---+++GUGrid (David Cafaro)
Have talked with Engagement (Sebastien); planning a possible collaboration between GU and a community college in California; VO Group will check back with David in 2 weeks; David will send updates by email.

David Ritchie interested in possible article about GU/California collaboration.

---+++GROW (Jeff !DeReus)
Hope to complete VOMS, GUMS configuration by middle of next week. There are local CMS users waiting to run on system.

---+++ !IceCube (Steve Barnett)
Not a lot of progress due to some local infrastructure issues. A GOC ticket is open because there are error messages from sites that are failing to read their VOMS server since around 3/23. GOC is aware of the problem (seems to be an issue for European sites; sites are reported as down when not).

Other work continuing with Wisconsin, with whom they share a grad student. No formal MOU needed at this time.

---+++Other VOs

*CDF:* interested in robot certificate issue. Abhishek noted that Caltech is making some configuration changes to provide opportunistic storage. 

*Fermi:* More work on !FermiGrid / !TeraGrid gateway expected in next two weeks. 

*LIGO:* advertising issue thread in email; LIGO has a ticket open with GOC and Pegasus team and work is in progress.

*SBGrid:* runs osg-config, works for a while, then shows unknown status. working on problem. Also trying to ge a few more sites.

---++Robot Certs (Doug Olson)
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/Minutes2009March30][3/30 Ops meeting discussion]]
The RSV people need certificates for automating certain processes so that an actual person doesn't need to repeatedly enter their password. If people have special use cases that don't match the existing certificate policies, they should contact the security team.

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 02 Apr 2009 %BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 02 Apr 2009
