%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285864" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | June 11, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Dennis Box (CDF), Britta Daudert (VO Group), Jeffrey De Reus (GROW), Jeff Dutton (CompBioGrid??), Chris Green (GEANT-4), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Rick Salcido (CALICE), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090528][Weekly Forum: May 28]] (from May 28; no minutes from June 4.)

---++ Security

---++ Storage

---++ OSG Communications

   * Scientific Publications: Please send by June 8, 2009 to ritchie@fnal.gov. See attachment of items so far.
      * David should contact Chris Polly at Fermilab for ?MiniBooNE (?)
   * Looking for news items for OSG newsletter.

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Dennis has spoken w/ Rick St. Denis; will report back within a few weeks with concrete details about CDF opportunistic storage plan, including dates for beginning use.

CDF is not getting weekly and monthly gratia accounting reports. No contacts are registered in OIM; Steve Timm and Dennis will work on correcting this.

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Blog: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/CompBioGrid_OSG

Still working a couple of tickets; making progress on both.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Two issues affected production this week: jobs at one site taking 5+ days to complete and a hardware failure at OU. Abhishek will revisit with Joel after CMS exercise is complete.

---+++ !Geant4 (Chris Green)

Problem with jobs being pre-empted. 

---+++ GROW (Jeff !DeReus)

A hardware failure on the !VOMS server is being fixed; Jeff is working on communications with primary shareholders: will they make use of resources or should they be opened up for external use? Still plan on being a CMS tier-3 site.

Working on long-term plan document for VO Group. 

---+++ !IceCube 

Not present.

---+++ Fermi-VO 

More effort has been allocated to work on the OSG - !TeraGrid gateway.

---+++ !NEBioGrid
  
Not present.

---++ AOB

---+++ ITB 1.1 validation by VOs, toward OSG 1.2.

Validation will start within the next several days. Closeout is mid-July.

CDF, D0, and !Fermi-VO expect to participate. 

Theme: regular weekly forum

---+++ Possible new VO

CALICE, represented by Rick Salcido (NIU) is part of EGEE. Has been in communication with Steve Timm re the impossibility of a European site to get grids cert to use US resources. Steve will start an email thread with the appropriate members of the VO Group.


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 11 Jun 2009 %BR%

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_docs_published_summary.txt][OSG_docs_published_summary.txt]]: Draft of Summary of Publications resulting from OSG

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_docs_published_summary.txt" attachment="OSG_docs_published_summary.txt" attr="" comment="Draft of Summary of Publications resulting from OSG" date="1244746924" path="C:\Documents and Settings\ritchie\Desktop\OSG docs published summary.txt" size="795" stream="C:\Documents and Settings\ritchie\Desktop\OSG docs published summary.txt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp24293" user="DavidRitchie" version="1"}%
