%META:TOPICINFO{author="AbhishekSinghRana" date="1275607859" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ VO Group Weekly Forum | June 3, 2010

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Jeff Dutton (!CompBioGrid), Robert Engel (Documentation Alignment), Dan Fraser (Production), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, VOs Group), Steve Timm (!Fermi-VO)

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100527][Weekly Forum: May 27]] 

---++ Announcements (Abhishek Singh Rana)

Preparation ongoing for annual report to NSF; due later this month. Our sincere gratitude to each stakeholder which has already compiled a list of scientific publications (July'09 to June'10 cycle). Stakeholders/VOs who are still working on collating publications are requested to expedite, and please email soon to osg-contact@opensciencegrid.org.

VOs Group is expediting our contributions to the document realignment initiative. Working closely with Documentation team. Three categories of documents related to VOs Group: (1) Stakeholder Planning and Procedural Documents; directly maintained in VOs Group. (2) Software-related Release Documentation on VOMS, VOMRS, GUMS. (3) General operational documents in the Documentation !Twiki.

On Security team's request, we are encouraging VO managers to evaluate potential use of the command-line based script interface. Documentation is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CertificateGetCmd. These scripts are expected to help VO's members to get grid certificate and to import it as a PKCS12 file into web browsers. 

VOs Group's feedback to OSG Security -- A drawback with the command-line based mechanism: It requires an additional overhead of installing OSG stack components using Pacman, unlike the browser based mechanism. End-users are less likely to have access to such centrally-installed software stack. Browser based mechanism is standalone and simpler to operate; it is confusing due to the need to create and remember 3 passwords. Looking for more feedback from OSG Security Team. In particular, for SBGrid. 

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

OSG Security team has found an easy-to-use Mozilla Firefox plug-in that uploads an X.509 certificate into a !MyProxy server directly. The user only needs to select a username/password combination and the address of the server; the tool does the rest. More details are at [[https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/12560][https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/12560]].

---++ Storage  (Abhishek Singh Rana - for Tanya Levshina)

We are inviting stakeholder participation in the OSG Storage Forum; being organized at University of Chicago on September 21-22. Meeting webpage is http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceProgram.py?confId=3377.

---++ Documentation Alignment (Robert Engel)

Work continues on improving documentation in !TWiki. Targeting a completion date of August 1. Requesting addition of HTML variables and an overall document-review; Abhishek is looking into it. 

VOs Group is inviting volunteer effort from select stakeholders who have recent hands-on experience with VOMS, VOMRS, and GUMS. Commitment of voluntary contributions received from 2-3 VOs.

---++ VOs in focus 

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Start moving to new building Monday. CE on maintenance until July 21 (but should be back much sooner).  
This means: A new compute cluster will be brought up; the current cluster will then become OSG dedicated. Storage from 3 to 20-25 TB.
Applications for future runs on OSG include a Virtual cell + one more. Developed internally. Plus a protein folding folks. 

Someone at UNLV wants to run an app. Publicity for !CompBioGrid at local campus towards biologists.

Richard Jones says there are folks from his campus doing second generation sequencing running on GLUE-X. Jeff, Richard, and Dan will talk and explore possibility of forming a campus grid.  

Jeff willing to help with VOMS/VOMRS documentation.


---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

No news from Cornell re SE. Abhishek will set up call between D0 and Cornell to try to resolve issues.
UTA SE status: no response. 

UConn site has about 1TB storage available. Joel has tried running there, but was blocked. Will work through issues with Richard.

Joel will try running at !UConn first, then Cornell, then UTA.


---+++ Fermilab-VO (Steven Timm)

Nothing to report on Fermi-VO.

Need to go move to SL5 

Steve is pinging sub !VOs on scientific publications.

---+++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Issue: still stuck with dropped connections:  Glidein runs job, but when goes to run second or third job, seems to lose its socket and hangs. !SBGrid, GPN, HCC all had issues. Should contact Igor Sfiligoi.

SRM service running. When Richard gets a specific request from a VO, he creates a directory for VO under dcache.

New command line interface to retrieve personal certficate. !GLUE-X have been going directly to DOE. Does require additional overhead of having the software stack involved and being accessible to other users. !GLUE-X familiar with using browser.

Richard has a postdoc who may be willing to help with VOMS/VOMRS documentation.  Richard noted that VOMS documentation was very easy to follow. Documentation for installing a SE (especially !dCache) was shaky.

---+++ OSG-VO (CHARMM Group) 

Not present.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty / Ian Stokes-Rees)

Not present.

---++ AOB

We have been working to compile a list of problems that VOs are having with job submission. Document is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/ProblemsEncounteredByVOsDuringJobSubmission. This list has now been color coded as a method of comparing capabilities between Job Submission systems. Please feel free to double check this characterization and to send feedback to Dan Fraser or Abhishek Singh Rana.

---++ Notable items




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 01 Jun 2010
