%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1302204821" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | April 7, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Chander Sehgal, Mine Altunay, Steve Timm, Marco Mambelli, Rob Quick, Richard Jones, Marko Slyz, Joel Snow, Steve Timm, Gabriele Garzoglio, Dave Matthews-Morgan, John-Paul Robinson


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110331][Weekly Forum: March 31]] 

---++ Announcements

Chander: In early May, Chander will be calling members participating in VO forum to ask about features/capabilities they would like included in OSG software; input will be used to plan program of work for next year.

There will be a different approach this year, with requests grouped by functional area rather than by VO. Feedback will be given to !VOs in regard to requests. 

It was requested that VOs are provided with a reason for non-fulfillment if features/capabilities cannot be added.

---++  VOs In Focus 


---+++ SURAGrid (Dave Matthews-Morgan and Jean-Paul Robinson)

Working on submitting info to OIM and pleased with progress.
 
Richard Jones asked whether there is crossover between JLab and !SURAGrid. 
No, but are hopeful that OSG engagement will help provide stability and functional support to attract more people. We will take this up with !SURAGrid community.

Richard also asked about applications on !SURAGrid: Bioinformatics at UAB and Univ. Georgia, plus a variety of other apps.

The !SURAGrid All-Hands Meeting will be heavily OSG-focused on OSG integration. Here is the draft agenda. Please feel free to provide input to John-Paul Robinson, jpr at uab dot edu.

SURAgrid All Hands Meeting Spring 2011, Washington, DC - SURA offices 	
			
*Monday, May 2* 	*Time* 	  	*Topic* 	*Presenter*

 	11:00 		State of SURAgrid 	AV
  				
  	12:00 	  	Lunch 	 
  				
  	12:45 		Site Reports 	ES
  				
  	1:45 		OSG Overview 	JPR
  				
  	2:15 		Navigate OSG Information Manager 	SJ/DMM
  				
  	2:30 		Certificate (DOE) Fest 	DMM/SJ
  				
  	2:45 	  	Break 	 
  				
  	3:00 		Tech Track - OSG infrastructure with stack install fest 	SJ/DMM/JPR?
  				
  	5:00 		Job Submit 	JPR
  				
  	5:30 		Open Mike 	All
  				
  	6:30 	  	Dinner (nearby to SURA offices?) 	Dutch treat
				
*Tuesday, May 3* 	*Time* 	  	*Topic* 	*Presenter*

	8:30 	  	Coffee, Danish 	 
  				
  	9:00 		Funding Working Group 	Gary
  				
  	9:30 		Tech Track - GUMS 	JPR/SJ
  				
  	10:30 	  	Break 	 
  				
  	11:00 		Tech Track - Community Operations for Common Services 	JPR
  				
  	12:00 	  	Lunch 	 
  				
  	1:00 		Current Applications, Rapid Deployment 	ES
  				
  	2:00 		Authentication: CA for SURA, PKI Long-term 	DMM/JPR/SJ
  				
  	2:30 	  	Break 	 
  				
  	2:45 		Open Mike 	All
  				
  	3:45 		Next Steps 	AV/ES
  				
  	4:00 		SURAgrid:  May 2011 - May 2012 	AV


---+++ (D0) Joel Snow

Tuesday was reguarly scheduled maintenance. Coming back up, there were some problems, but everything is now back to normal.

Chander asked for a characterization of opportunistic storage demand and supply.
Joel said demand has been up; supply has gone down a bit. 
How much can D0 effectively use? 
Joel and Chander will talk more offline.


---+++ GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Hit ceiling with SE filling up (local users expanding use); Richard added 15 TB and will continue to add incrementally as needed. 

Richard is in contact with Tanya Levshina and Neha Sharma on how to manage a full cache when moving files from one store to another.

Production is going normally.

Had another meeting with Jefferson Lab to figure out how grid fits into computing plans. Initial impression: can do everything locally and more cheaply. 

Question from SURAGrid on what the potential !JLab application is:
Application is CPU-intensive simulations and analysis. Some reconstruction code.

---+++ Fermilab VO (Steve Timm)

Answered query for software for worker node client; a couple new user groups will be joining: 
GM2 and Muon Accelation group.

Chander asked whether the Intensity Frontier (IF) !VOs were interested in CVMSF?
Gabriele said that Lee Lueking, who represents the IF experiments, are interested in investigating; they are deciding on whether to have a test stand.


---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

Greg Monaco got removed from OSG VO Forum list. Chander will put him back on.




---++ AOB

   * Rob Quick: New CSIU VO has some users from ODI (One Degree Imager) project in Arizona. 
   
  * Mine: DOEGrids CA will undergo planned maintenance next Wednesday for four hours; no new certs will be issued during this time.

   * Dave Matthews-Morgan asked whether there is another call they should attend, such as the Operations meeting? 
      * Operations call: Every Monday, 12:00pm Central; Phone Number 866-740-1260, access code 8266135 
      * Monthly sites meeting on the 2nd Thursday of month.
      * Marco also has a page with resources for Site Administrators at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/SiteAdminResources (in "How to get Help" documentation at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/HelpProcedure)









-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 07 Apr 2011
