%META:TOPICINFO{author="AbhishekSinghRana" date="1275617803" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ VO Group Weekly Forum | December 17, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams (GPN), Dennis Box (CDF), Mine Altunay (OSG Security),  Peter Doherty ( !NEBioGrid), Jeff Dutton ( !CompBioGrid), Dan Fraser, Rogerio Iope (!GridUNESP), Sergio Lietti ( !GridUNESP), Sergio Novaes ( !GridUNESP), Doug Olson (OSG Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Horst Severini (DOSAR), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermilab), Gabriel Winckler ( !GridUNESP), 

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091210][Weekly Forum: December 10]]  

---++ Announcements 

Meetings next two weeks (December 24 & December 31) canceled.
Next VO Forum: January 7, 2010

Input from stakeholders on end-to-end information systems still requested. Burt Holzman is organizing.

---++ Security (Mine Altunay, Doug Olson)

Ian Stokes-Rees sent proposal to Doug for how issuing certs might improve; VO managers/new or potential users, etc. have difficulty going through process and sometimes lose interest. Kate with GPN agrees; Also a problem with notification that people need to approve. Suggestion: they apply, certain people act as agents of user's behalf; first time user logs on, cert . Could have varying levels of qualities of certificates (some easier/quicker to get). Problem is that all certs not recognized everywhere. Mine will help !SBGrid.

In addition, there's a workflow issue; smaller !VOs don't always have an agent to approve (i.e., GPN). GOC may need to be a fallback. 


---++ VOs in focus

---+++ ALICE (Jeff Porter)

Resources at NERSC requires registration, which doesn't fit OSG model; ALICE is a testbed to open up NERSC grid model to be more conducive; help with auditing of grid usage. Ongoing effort.

LHC ramp up: in US, waiting on ok to use funding to deploy resources; 1 ITB site at LBL underway and another at LLNL waiting on funding.

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Glidein working well; prepared for holidays and anticipate no problems.

---+++ !CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Update on using service certs for Virtual Cell application: User is isolated from executables and jobs can be traced back to user. Still work to be done. Thinking about service name. Jeff will add this to the blog.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Greatly improved efficiency at MIT (as of yesterday). 12-13 M events last week; prepared for holidays and anticipate no problems.

---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Several new experiments beginning to get on grid. First NOvA grid testing last week (went well); Coming soon: Long Baseline Neutrino Experiment (LBNE); also working with Engage VO to make; more sub !VOs to come.

High peak usage now. General Purpose grid cluster running almost to capacity for last two months.

---+++ GEANT4

Not present.

---+++ Kate Adams (GPN)

Univ of Arkansas on grid, bringing others. A few things in install document ; worried about Engagement team scaling for the future.

Model is that community is part of Engage VO during bootstrapping stage; once stable, own VO formed.
 
---+++ !GridUNESP  (Horst Severini and GridUNESP)

GridUNESP workshop this week. VO and support center approved.
CE/SE should be registered tonight or tomorrow.

Today, first researcher submitted MPI job through full infrastructure.

---+++ !IceCube 

Not present.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty, Ian Stokes-Rees)

Working to make job submission rely on DAGMAN to release jobs to OSG MM; getting first results (goal is to split computations so a failure in one stage wouldn't cause earlier data to be lost.) But 100,000 jobs, taking a long time to run.

Strange behavior at a !CompBioGrid site (maybe misconfigured nodes), SPRACE, TOP.UCR.EDU, jobs failing for globus reasons At Fermilab, no default path set when jobs start, so Steve Timm provided guidance. 

---++ AOB


Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 16 Dec 2009