%META:TOPICINFO{author="AbhishekSinghRana" date="1221707891" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserGroupMeetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | September 18, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

<!--HIDDENSTART
%RED%Please Note: Meeting minutes are not complete yet.%ENDCOLOR%



HIDDENEND-->

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20080911][Previous week's minutes]]



---++ 

---++ SBGrid (Ian S-R)

---++ D0 (Joel Snow) with OSG Storage (Tanya Levshina)

---++ nanoHUB (Steve Clark) with OSG Accounting (Philippe Canal)

   * [[NanohubNotes][Aug 21 discussion]] 
   * Goals: 
      * Understand possibility of different conventions, and thus variations in job accounting; nanoHUB vis-a-vis Gratia. 
      * Try to diagnose causes of low job success rates. 
      * Suggest, and move forward, measures to improve job success rates, i.e., nanoHUB efficiency. Encourage nanoHUB to increase utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Solicit nanoHUB's citing OSG usage in publications and in scientific result 
   * %BLACK%Accounting Discrepencies:%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%Are "grid jobs" and batch jobs both being reported by nanoHUB? <br />%ENDCOLOR% 
         * %BLACK%Preston to send Philippe list of condor jobs and/or look at condor_history by next week.<br />%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%New possible problem: Jobs not appearing on days Preston thinks they're running; Philippe would like to track a job from start to finish.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Step Two: look at job success rates: after accounting issues resolved%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK% *Status:* %ENDCOLOR% 

---++ CDF (Dennis Box)

---++ VO Security and Policy (Doug Olson)

---+++ Inactive VOs

   * Geant4 
   * GRASE 

---++ OSG VO usage

   * Goal is to mutually understand ways to avoid the recent occurrence of site overloading by an OSG/OSG-Edu VO user.
   * Larger discussion of whether use of GridMonitor should be made a requirement.

---++ VO Online Message Board

   * %BLACK%Available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VOGroup/Forum/%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Marcia will work on as time permits.%ENDCOLOR% 

---++ Pending Action Items

   1 Do efficiency and work with OSG storage: Marcia to talk to players and write Tech Note as part of this. 
   1 *Wikipedia page for Open Science Grid:* <a target="_blank" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid</a> 
   * Needs updating 
   * Abhishek will look at. 
   * %BLACK%If no time in a week, we should reassign%ENDCOLOR% 

---++ Any Other Business
   * Changes needed in webpages to reflect name change. 
   * Deprecate old list *osg-users* and discard *osg-user-group* soon.
   * Discuss Y3 plan 
   * Discuss list of representatives of at-large stakeholders
      * List would be posted on VO Group front page

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 16 Sep 2008
