%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1462562657" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | November 5, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
Peter Doherty, Dennis Box, Jeff Dutton, Doug Olson, Jeff Porter, Abhishek Singh Rana, Horst Severini, Joel Snow, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm, Jim Weichel

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20091029][Weekly Forum: October 29]]  

---++ Announcements 

!MyOSG SLA open for public review: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/MyOSGServiceLevelAgreement  Rec'd feedback from a few VOs who plan to use it. Steve looking for changes. November 5 (today) is tentative closure date, but feedback is still welcome. 

---++ Content Management/Documentation (Jim Weichel) 
Trying to establish process for maintaining and updating documentation and having it written, reviewed, and tested (for install docs) as needed. Created brief bullet list of responsibilities of owners, users, and testers. Have a template for install documents, which includes a checklist of things to do beforehand, engineering considerations. New plugins/sophisticated presentation techniques will be added; See [[Documentation/WebHome][Documentation web]] for status. Comments welcome. 

Structural changes forthcoming. Also may need to work together to identify owners of orphaned documents. Will keep VOs updated in this forum regarding future changes that may break link. Jim will send major announcements to osg-vo-forum.

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Thanks to those who filled out survey. Doug will send outcome of next week's Identify Management Requirements meeting in Madison. 

---++ Storage (Abhishek Singh Rana)

Looking to include Hadoop as new technology in OSG software stack. Any VOs interesting in trying or adopting are welcome. Hadoop is open source and based on google file system; used by major industry applications (i.e., Facebook, yahoo).

---++ Communications (David Ritchie)

!SuperComputing is November 16-19. David Ritchie invites any attendees to visit Fermilab booth  #2157. Meeting rooms will be available, both physical space at the booth and via video. OSG postcards and giveaways. Ask a Scientist video link to Fermilab 11-1 Tues, Wed., Thurs. See [[http://supercomputing.fnal.gov][supercomputing.fnal.gov]].
 
!iSGTW will be twittering from the event.

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ ALICE (Jeff Porter)

Nothing back into OSG w/ integration work--bringing up site at NERSC onto integration testbed.

---+++ CDF (Dennis Box)

Still testing for the KCA upgrade Nov. 17. Now using current versions for testing. 

---+++ CompBioGrid (Jeff Dutton)

Progress continues. Nothing major to report since last week.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Infrastructure probs at Fermilab; certificate expired and SAM station feature wasn't discovered right away. Fixed.
Cache overstuffed -> improper file transfers. Inefficiencies repaired. 
Last week's production highest in 5 months! 11 Million events stored on tape
Gratia accounting error appears to double; Brian will be contacted to fix.

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini)

Grid UNESP busy  preparing for SC|09 bandwidth challenge. MPI problem running large scale jobs with particular version of Condor (working locally, haven't yet accessed globus gatekeeper.) Will document fix when working. Horst and Jim Weichel should meet to discuss what type of documentation is needed. Trash/Engagement team and others have also worked on MPI problems, so more documentation potentially exists. 

Horst will write an update on D0SAR/Grid UNESP project for OSG Newsletter article. MPI work might be mentioned, and certainly once it is published. 

---+++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Major ramp up of MINERvA and NOvA experiments. Fermi !CloudFest kicking off. Want to be sensitive to needs of OSG community. Talking to Tier-3 folks, who have been working w/ virtual machines.

Steve has worked out ability to pick out a cluster that runs SL5; framework available if people request; will work on documentation. 

---+++ GPN

Not present.

---+++ !IceCube 

Not present.

---+++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Researcher from Mass General Hospital doing lung cancer research has workflow that seems like it will run smoothly on OSG; should be done within a week or two. Ian has run small workflow successfully on OSG.

---++ AOB


Theme: Regular Weekly VO Forum





-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 04 Nov 2009