%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1304022491" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | April 28, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Aidan Robson, Gabriele Garzoglio,Marco Mambelli, David Matthews-Morgan, Rob Quick, John-Paul Robinson, Chander Sehgal,  Marko Slyz, Joel Snow,  Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110421][Weekly Forum: April 21]] 

---++ Announcements

On May 5, Tanya Levshina will give an overview of globusonline  

If any VOs are running into issues implementing technical plans, please contact us; we're here to help.



---++  VOs In Focus 

---+++ CDF (Aidan Robson)

KISTI:  site tests done (thanks Steve for help) and turned back on for CDF submission yesterday.  Steve drew our attention to failing reporting from Kisti at the Grid Ops Centre; Kisti tracked it to a tightened firewall and rolled back to previous configuration.  We will follow up on how admins test after such changes, and check that they monitor the GOC metrics.

MIT: currently out for CDF submission.  We observed a lot of restarts, then they had a downtime and asked us not to send jobs; we are still to test before sending jobs again. 



---+++ CSIU (Rob Quick)

Propagated in VOMS. Not running outside IU yet.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Problem last weekend in one node. Firefly cluster apparently ejected from GUMS;  Rob will look into ticket 10282.

Chander: Is production keeping up with demand?

Yes, but could always use more resources. 
Chander is investigating new possibilities.


---+++ GM2 (G Minus 2)

Fermilab sub-VO; FNAL muon experiment; low resource usage. Will be put into the next VO package.

---+++ MAP (Muon Accelerator Program)

Fermilab sub-VO; recently registered; very low usage. Recently had a seminar for new users to do simulations. Will be put into the next VO package.

---+++ !SBGrid
Not present.

---+++ SURAgrid (David Matthews-Morgan, Rob Quick, John-Paul Robinson)

All Hands Meeting beginning next 
Certificate fest, installation fest. GOC resources ava to help; using Engage VO.

Next step: get one or two !CEs. Have site at TAMU they're hoping to use. Mid-to-late-May timeframe to be up and running.

---++ AOB




-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 27 Apr 2011