%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625640" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | July 8, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

<!--
<img src="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Sandbox/AbhishekSinghRanaSandbox/under_construction.gif">
-->

---++ Attending
Peter Doherty (SBGrid), Robert Engel (Documentation), Gabriele Garzoglio (Engagement), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Doug Olson (Security), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), David Ritchie (Communications), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, VOs Group), Steven Timm (Fermi-VO), Jim Weichel (OSG Content Management), Derek Weitzel (Engagement)

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100701][Weekly Forum: July 1]] 

---++ Announcements 

Annual updates to stakeholder plans, needs and requirements are ongoing this month. Besides other discussions, these will be used as input to FY2010-11 planning. VOs should please feel free to prioritize items as suitable.

---++ Security (Doug Olson)

Abhishek noted that discussions are ongoing between CDF and Mine regarding CDF's SL5 configuration needs. 

---++ Storage 

Nothing to report.

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ !CompBioGrid 

Not present.

---++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Set a peak record of 16.4 Million monte carlo events per week. Jobs running at GLUE-X's !UConn-OSG site. Richard Jones asked if Joel knows why !SamGrid jobs are going into a hold on his Condor.

Joel has been working on VO plans and requirements and is waiting for Brad Abbott to review.

---++ !Fermilab-VO (Steve Timm)

Testing SL4/5 split cluster, should have the document ready soon. !FermiGrid subVOs and other VOs will find increased documentation useful. [Ref. 07/01/10 meeting: On Abhishek's request, Steve is in process of providing documentation for fine-grained advertisement and discovery of SL4 and SL5 at sites. This will help sites advertise presence of both SL4 and SL5; e.g., at gatekeeper and worker nodes. In addition, it will help VOs to more accurately make a decision prior to submitting jobs.]

!NuMI !sub-VO is active again after a long hiatus; LBNE also starting to run jobs. Accelerator group is ramping down; will have a new publication out soon.

---++ Engagement  (Gabriele Garzoglio & Derek Weitzel)

Gabriele is providing effort to OSG Engagement; Chris Green is making transition, so effort is limited. Two main activities: 

(a) GEANT4 regression-testing validation runs: Successfully running validation jobs for regression-testing of GEANT4 Toolkit's new release. Will do this now, then again in December. Nearly 20 sites running on OSG. Using Engage's !MatchMaker, but for this particular release, we are seeing errors connected to libc and other factors. Abhishek has been in contact with GEANT4 spokesperson John Apostolakis. Gabriele has asked Abhishek to explore possibility of GEANT4's adding more effort at CERN (or Fermilab) for the December run. 

(b) LSST simulation: considering running simulations on OSG. Gabriele reports that work is ongoing.

---++ !GLUE-X (Richard Jones)

Site-side production: Worked with Joel Snow at D0 and confirmed that environment variables were making jobs crash. Achieved success!

Opportunistic storage: D0 has asked for an increase. Engage: opened ticket. Richard upgraded software; it should be working now.

Received help from OSG SecurityTeam in getting answers for Jefferson Lab. Richard is working on summary document of mechanisms used.

Had a colleague vouch for !DOEGrids toward approving personal certificate requests. Doug Olson stated that OSG works with !DOEGrids CA. Vetting process managed through !VOs. Since GLUE-X is in the process of getting set up, there was some confusion that !JLab was handling requests for GLUE-X. We can arrange for someone else from !GLUE-X to approve. Doug will work with Richard offline to arrange.

Marco said that we should have a document of recognized CAs and a reference contact. Robert Engel mentions that the information is dynamic. Doug says there is some documentation, but it doesn't contain anything more than a list at software.grid.iu.edu. This information is not linked from user guide processes. Marco will look into this from user certificate documentation. This item will be added to the Documentation meeting's agenda.

---++ SBGrid/NEBioGrid (Peter Doherty)

Running well with !GlideInWMS. Doing some CPU reconfiguration to optimize stability and have a better development environment. Running about 2600 jobs on grid; running steady for several days this week and last.

Derek asked whether Ian submitted a large batch of jobs at once. Number of idle jobs constantly changing and worried that Schedd cannot keep up with all the condor submits that !DagMan is doing. Peter set Condor variable for maximum jobs at 1000, so that may be putting load on Schedd. Jobs running for ~20 minutes. !DagMan could not submit jobs as fast as jobs finished. 

Peter and Derek corroborated that Condor 7.5.3 has improved a lot on the scalability with no problems noticed.

Abhishek asked whether there has been a change in the numbers since last week - 20 sites with peak of 5000 jobs. Peak of 100,000 wall hours on June 24. Yes. Fermilab is currently not submitting Tier-1 pilot jobs from UCSD because of a GLExec issue. Fixing this is a high priority. Ticket: https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=8845. This should not have significant impact on SBGrid.

SBGrid thinks that it would be useful to have more sites to help load balance in case of situations like this, but for now, things going well. 

---++ AOB

Jim Weichel - Nothing to report.

Robert Engel - Nothing to report. Abhishek reports that documentation on VOMS and VOMRS will be reviewed with Richard Jones. Still looking for someone for GUMS. There are other higher priority items with VOs, so completion is not expected before August. 

Marco Mambelli - Site Administrators Workshop at Vanderbilt - http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3429. Topics are being finalized. If stakeholders and OSG staff members have any suggestions for additional topics, please send email to Marco: marco at hep dot uchicago dot edu.

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 08 Jul 2010