%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285068" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | January 08, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending
Jim Basney (Security), Britta Daudert (VO Group, LIGO), Nikolay Kuropatkin (DES), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Joel Snow (D0), Ian Stokes-Rees (SBGrid), Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VOGroupMeeting20081218][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ nanoHUB

Steve has made changes to the web display of site selection mechanism. Abhishek to contact Steve and follow up on next steps in taskforce.

---+++ D0

Overall, the status using opportunistic storage is good, but a new ticket opened w/ Purdue due to low efficiency.

OSG/Teragrid gateway: Joel following directions on twiki, but is having a problem; Steve and FermiGrid team will help within next couple weeks.

Joel also needs someone from FNAL to enable him to look at SAM logs for SRM caches to see why jobs are failing (leftover issue from late December). Abhishek to resend old email to Joel.

---+++ CDF

UPS/UPD version of SRM has been obtained and tested; further status unknown.

---+++ DES

Nikolay says DES will have a couple big productions this year; DES is not interested in opportunistic storage, will use storage at FNAL only.

---+++ Fermi-VO

More on OSG/Teragrid gateway: Steve feels Fermilab staff and NCSA staff need to meet. (Teragrid does have centralized account management, but not for OSG at large; submission currently can be done to only one site.)  John Townes at TG is an appropriate contact. Steve will keep VO Group posted on what is needed, if anything.

---++ AOB

GLOW jobs crashing nodes at SBGrid site; mainly due to Mark Silberstein's SuperLink jobs. Britta will follow up at today's Trash/Trash/Integration meeting. Since GLOW is supported at a large number of sites, and jobs go through, Ian shows concern that such workflow (with more demands on site resources) should be run under its own independent VO.

Security Team: Jim reminds VOs this is a good time to do an annual review of VO membership. Joel says gratia is showing jobs running in the D0 VO that are not D0 jobs. He will follow up with Fermigrid team and report back to Security team when resolved.

All Hands Meeting:  VO Group represented, in part, at Security Workshop. Discussions also to be facilitated in the Production (applications/data) Workshop. In addition, a joint user-VO session in the Site Workshop.


-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 07 Jan 2009 %BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 08 Jan 2009