%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dMarcia_20Teckenbrock_20139213" date="1296159601" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | January 27, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams, Gabriele Garzoglio, Marco Mambelli, Horst Severini, Marko Slyz, Joel Snow, Rick St. Denis,  Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm 

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110120][Weekly Forum: January 20]] 

---++ Announcements


---++  VOs In Focus 

---+++ CDF (Rick St. Denis)

Back integrated after power outage after a week; credentials issue; now cleaned up. 
Also, overcame transfer problem at Fermilab, so processing going smoothly.

You can set location of crediential cache w/ x509 cache. Steve Timm and Rick will talk offline.

Advice needed about doing output and processing on OSG using opportunisitc cycles. Moving to 8 GB files. Will we hit quotas? Policy is that OSG data 2 GB per batch slot, but not enforced. 3 places you could fill up: home area (should not depend on this), worker node disk (VOs requested to specify requirements a couple years ago; ~10GB per job, but probably provide more), and OSG data disk, if you did it wrong. Are these default environment variables.  Also in info system (myOSG or BDII) for each site.


---+++ !CompBioGrid 


---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

Production going fine as 

Steve Timm think SAM problem fixed.

---+++ Fermi-VO (Steve Timm)

Moving machines at Fermilab.


---+++ GLUE-X

Not present.

---+++ GPN (Kate Adams)

VOMS machine is now back up. New computer science user who has been working with Engage has done some work on master's thesis.  in past 3 months. for a master's thesis.  (workflow with Globus)

---++ AOB

All Hands Preparations: Thursday morning, main session will be for both OSG VOs and site administrators or resource providers. Free-form session to solve problems. If new to the OSG and want help on start, or whether looking to optimize.

Miriam (Communications expert), Tanya (Storage), Gabriele (User Support), Networking, Goal is to help in anything pertaining to job submission. Unique opportunity to find expertise concentrating in one place. Encourage ; also available by phone or Adobe Connect.

Channels to reach OSG users. 

On Wed. evening, informal poster session;


Steve would like talk to VDT team plans: Meeting on transition from VOMSRS to VOMS Admin2.5

Joel Snow wondering from switch to CREAM, wondering how submission of glidein to CREAM is going. LCG very interested in submitting via CREAM. D0 interested because they use the forwarding. Will glide-ins be able to work with the CREAM CEs? VDT testing of CREAM in February. (Probably something to test by All Hands meeting.)

Steve Timm suggests SAM grid developers get involved to change some configurations.

Rick St. Denis: getting portals for CDF into one. (NAMGrid and CDFGrid) - up to 12K slots on one machine. Also wondering when  SL6 will be out on OSG. Marco said the major !VOs will probably stick with 5 for some time. "Which way the wind will start blowing."


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 26 Jan 2011