%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrittaDaudert" date="1242057884" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | May 07, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Britta, Doug Olson, Jeff Dutton, Joel Snow, David Richie

---++ Previous Minutes

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20090430][Weekly Forum: April 30]]

---+ Agenda

---++ VOs in focus


---+++ !CompBioGrid

   * status of CE validation
      * Jeff was on vacation last week 
      * CE validation ongoing
      * Two open GOC  Tickets:
         * My OSG:data not reporting for !CompBioGrid
         * PBS issue: result dump into home dir, need non PSB jobs to
          retrieve, multi steps default behavior??



---+++ D0 

   * steady production
   * Nebrasksa GOC ticket closed, started working again by itself (?)
   * LSF jobmanager; work in progress
   * No work on OSG-TG gateway, waiting for response from higher level
      within D0
   * CMS eviction at CIT_CMS_T2/GLOW (MIT_CMS, SPRACE):
      * Abhishek sends site policy question to GLOW/UCSDT2
      * GLOW responded: similar eviction policies to CIT_CMS_T2/GLOW
      * Discussion in Production call ongoing
      * D0 has no manpower to change their apps,
      * D0 stops running at GLOW (inefficient)
      * D0 stops running UERG (Brazil)
      * But still running at other CMS sites at large volume



---+++GPN

   * David Swanson not attending
   * Engage -GPN phone call last week
      * Mats Engagement presentation
      * Two parallel efforts
         * Working with a GPN admin to get them going under Engagement
           VO, then finding some users and have the users be the driving
           force. The admin had a family emergency, so the effort has not
           moved forward much.
         * Engage attending the GPN days May 28-29 and having bof on campus
           grids. Engage is having some staffing problems so they don't know who
           to send.

---+++ !GUGrid

   * David Cafaro unable to attend

   * Abhishek and Mats meet today at Fermilab to discuss next steps

---+++GROW 

   * Not attending
 
---+++ !IceCube

   * Not attending

---+++ !Fermi-VO 

   * Not attending
 
---++ AOB

---+++ Doug (Security)

   * security algorithms outdate over time:eg.MD5 hatching algorithm
       outdated
   * effort to update all sites to SSL 0.98
   * within next two month: security announcement will be made
       regarding this
   

---+++ VORS deprecation

   * VO-Group is waiting for update from GOC on features of new
       monitoring/accounting system


---+++ Publications and Milestones by At-large VOs, for OSG Communications
 
   * Abhishek and David talked yesterday
   * will meet next week to work on road map
   * Will start sending e-mails to selected VOs
   * looking for refs to papers on Scientific achievements with help
       from OSG
   * will join next week again with more information
   * David Ritchie should email Alina for specific info concerning
       Education
 


 


-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 06 May 2009
