%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985973" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group Weekly Forum | October 30, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

Jim Basney (OSG Security), Dennis Box (CDF), Steve Clark (nanoHUB), Britta Daudert (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group in OSG), Maxim Potehkin (workflow mgmt), Abhishek Singh Rana (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group in OSG), Joel Snow (D0) Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---+ *Agenda*

---++ [[VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoGroupMeeting20081023][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ VOs in focus
---+++ nanoHUB

Efficiency:

-- site verification, site selection: there is an email thread including Mats & Abhishek regarding this topic. OSG MatchMaker not reported on Gratia. Jamie Frey working on transition to NFRoot, which is similar to MM.

-- job submission


---+++ D0

SRM tranfer issues MSU, UNL, IU: Joel has opened ticket w/ UNL and has gotten a response; response from MSU as well (will issue ticket); no response yet from IU.

Neha was asked to follow up on the GOC tickets with Robert Illingworth (who manages SRM server and Joel).  Joel is unable to investigate the problems because he cannot access SRM logs. 

Work at FNAL continues to increase efficiency. Some sites aren't giving D0 batch slots.

Larger issue: Can GOC cc Storage group on all storage-related tickets?  


---+++ Fermi VO

Steve Timm spoke with MINERvA, who are making progress; they're most concerned with getting storage set up; won't run jobs in near future.
MINERvA will be a sub-VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo of the Fermi VO.


---++ Security

Mine began emailing weekly usage reports to some VOs, but then noticed inconsistencies.  Problem has been identified and will be fixed.  
nanoHUB notices some sites are reporting jobs under the wrong user; some sites aren't reporting everything. (2 Fermi sites are fine.) Will look at Monday's report to see if problem resolved.

---++ AOB

-- start thinking about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo requirements for next OSG release

---++ Items from previous meetings
   * DES does not show as separate VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo in Gratia reports but is perhaps included within Fermi VO, should this be changed? --- Resolved: DES is a separate VO, not part of Fermilab VO, but both are supported with the same Support Center. 
   * UNL issue with SRM transfers was observed by D0, GOC ticket to be opened --- Resolved: Relayed to OSG Storage team.
   * DES is waiting for decision from OSG executive team concerning TeraGrid/OSG gateway: request to negotiate resource access with TeraGrid mgt 
   * CDF plans to run at more CMS sites in near future and may need help from VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Group 
   * Geant 4 discussion off-line 

--

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 23 Oct 2008 
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 03 Nov 2008 (Minutes)