%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1288898227" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | November 4, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Dan Fraser (Production), Marco Mambelli (Sites), Jeff Porter (ALICE), Dave Ritchie (Communications), Chander Sehgal (User Support), Marko Slisz, Joel Snow (D0), Daniel Squires (GROW), Ian Stokes-Rees (!SBGrid), Marcia Teckenbrock  (Communications/VO Group) , Rick St. Denis, Horst Severini (DOSAR).


---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20101028][Weekly Forum: October 28]] 


---++ Security

Small business initiative funding from DOE; provide identify management solutions for collaborative sciences. Picked OSG to work with; have some ideas, but see OSG as prime environment to which to deliver tools.

Have gathered feedback from OSG and wrote up a document about needs and problems. Would appreciate feedback based on the following document.
[[http://grid2.galois.com/needs-and-problems.html][OSG Identity System Needs and Problems document from Galoise]]
Very willing to adapt to OSG's needs; very open to feedback.

---++ VOs In Focus


---+++ ALICE (Jeff Porter)

<!--Still have main facility at PDsf SR4 ticket. Working with OSG to get Livermore to send gratia Accounting information; (Phillip Canal) and someone at LLNL who works on local homegrown batch system. Gratia probe for SLERM. Hoping this will be working in a month or so. 

As discussed at a prior meeting, there were some GIP issues (accounting info may be understated) that needed to get resolved. A solution was put forth by NERSC, but Jeff  does not know whether this has been implemented. 

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)

D0 had an issue at Cornell. There were aborted jobs in scratch area that couldn't be cleaned up. Steve Timm helping with what to do with pbs at batch system. Don't know if this is being fixed.


---+++ !GLUE-X

Not present.

---+++ !GROW (Daniel Squires)
Trying to re-establish the VO; trying to get everything up and running within a year. (including getting connected at the OSG).
Will totally reconfigure cluster ;turning current nodes to worker nodes.
Just placed an order for new servers; delayed.

---+++ CDF (Rick St. Denis)

KISTI seems to have a procedure to delete files after crash, which was the problem. In the meantime, CDF has 
~ 9 TB input data running through Production and copying back to Fermilab. Thinking of using gridftp. Making good progress and KISTI is about to add another hundred nodes for us.

Another things that came up is that there were some problems reported by REX group at Fermilab because there were 
!Glidein problems. Not noticed (they don't support CDF offsite). Have a separate portal for CDF users.

Steve Timm asked Rick to run stress tests before KISTI site can be reinstated; in progress. Are stress tests for !FermiGrid only or for OSG in general?  

Offline discussion between OSG and CDF about solving various issues. Chander will talk to Gabriele and Steve Timm about facilitating this.

KISTI gives dedicated resources to CDF. 

---+++ DOSAR (Horst Severini) 

Still working on Sao Paolo workshop.

---++ AOB









-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 22 Oct 2010
