%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1327607266" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | January 26, 2012*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending
Marko Slyz, Steve Timm, Gabriele Garzoglio, Tanya Levshina, Rob Quick, John-Paul Robinson

---++ Announcements
[[http://hcc.unl.edu/presentations/event.php?ideventof=5][OSG All Hands Meeting 2012 website is now available for registration]]

---++  Open Forum

Steve Timm reported that the glideinWMS workshop in San Diego was very useful for the Fermilab community.

John-Paul reported that SURAGrid has one person waiting for a host cert; will send email to GOC with the transaction information so that we can resolve.

Marko reported that the EIC work on OSG is about 1/2 complete.


---++  Presentations/Discussion



-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 25 Jan 2012