%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrittaDaudert" date="1245960414" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | June 25, 2009

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending

Britta, Abhishek, Jeff Dutton, Steve Barnet, Steve Clark, Joel, Dennis, Rob Quick, Steve, Tanya, Greg

---++ Previous Minutes 

 [[VOGroupMeeting20090618][Weekly Forum: June 18]] 

---++Announcement: 

   * ITB 1.1 validation started, VO validation starts next week
   * Invitation to all active VO 
  
---++ Security (Doug)
   * lately at Cern : when contacting VOMS trough webserver: session hangs
   * if you notice this, please get in touch with Doug
   

---++ Storage (Tanya)

    * new packages will go into VDT release

---++ OSG Communications

---++ VOs in focus

---+++ CDF 
   * Dennis obtains Gratia reports now
   * storage document in progress

  
---+++ !CompBioGrid 
  * site validation is making good progress
  * reverse DNS issue resolved --> ticket closed 
  * RSV ticket closed
  * PBS issue is being worked on and good progress is being made

---+++ D0 (Joel)
   * Ticket at Indiana closed
   * SE problem at unl seems  to be resolved, network issue at unl
   * MC prod: no news
   * TeraGrid gateway work has started up again
  
---+++ Fermi-VO 


---+++ !Geant4 
   * No news here
   * Effort required from Geant4
   * Abhishek will try and get in touch with Geant4

---+++ GROW (Jeff)

---+++ !IceCube (Steve, Ion)
   * Document circulated
   * Communications opened with Tanya
   * OSG members have been discussion this document
     * Squid cache ? --> may not work since 1GB is read at any given time
     * SRM solution ?
   * Icecube will look through Tanya's questions and get back with numbers, answers
   * Timeline: IceCube has sufficient amount of time, no big time concern
     
---+++ !nanoHUB 
   * taskforce concluded
   * next: update Condor installation
   * rate of consumption maintained

---+++ GPN (Greg)
   * GPN will put together a plan on how to GPN will proceed on OSG
   * keep GPN on agenda every other week
   * find users
 


---++ AOB

--+++ Rob Quick:
    * VORS deprication, anybody else needs to be worked with?
    * work in progress with several VOs
    * Rob will follow up with SBGrid

---+++ ITB 1.1 validation by VOs 
   * Abhishek will send out announcement later on today






-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 24 Jun 2009
