%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1229631554" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | December 18, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending
Levente Hajdu (STAR), Mats Rynge (Engagement), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group in OSG), Joel Snow (D0), Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications), Steve Timm (Fermi VO)

---+ *Agenda*


---++ VOs in focus

---+++ nanoHUB
not present today; Abhishek will follow up.

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow)
Overall, things are good, but there are problems with some of the sites (OSU). Joel is in contact with the site admins. D0 has also began sending some jobs to SBGrid (ongoing); and did some work on the OSG/ !TeraGrid gateway. Steve Timm and Keith Chadwick are working with him.

Some question regarding whether existing problems are due to SRM. Joel's impression is that SRM sites tend to have good efficiency (only use sites that have a local SRM server).  

---+++ Fermi VO (Steve Timm)
Still awaiting response to reporting from VORS.  

General discussion of VORS, RSV and MatchMaker, whether each meets requirements and what their purposes are.  MM is to be included in next version of OSG. 

---+++STAR (Levente Hajdu)

Asked others if we should form a task force to increase efficiency. STAR folks don't feel this is necessary at this time. (MC production, which is what they use OSG for, are only about 1% of their total jobs).  Work is being done to gridify other types of jobs, however. At this time, no extra supported needed from OSG.

Regarding Jim Basney's query regarding new security policies, STAR's feeling is that resource providers themselves should decide which certs should be accepted.  We will get this info to Jim.

---++ AOB

Britta on Vacation Dec 17 -- Jan 5

 

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 18 Dec 2008
