%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1305833716" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | May 19, 2011*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending

Kate Adams, Steve Cox, Gabriele Garzoglio, Tanya Levshina, Marco Mambelli, John McGee, Rob Quick, Maxim Potehkin, Chander Sehgal, Marko Slyz, Joel Snow,  Doug Strain, Marcia Teckenbrock, Steve Timm , Derek Weitzel, Gabriele Garzoglio, 
Ian Stokes-Rees
---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110512][Weekly Forum: May 12]] 

---++ Announcements


Prospect of funding for OSG Prime.

Operational News: (Rob Quick)
- New glidein factory
Indiana want to have a front to glideinfactory more in line of a production operational service with things like Change Management, stable. located with other operational functions.

Put proof of concept; hardware almost ordered. Will still be administered by UCSD operators, but overseen and hosted by IU (redundancy, operational oversight, etc.) Should be ready in approximately 3 weeks.

Derek: Will there be an ITB version of the factory? Rob: Yes, but on VM with inability to load balance. Haven't yet negiated how often copied over; probably will be in line with maintanence windows for other operational functions.

Gabriele: How will be recommend one front-end or the other? Rob: Most likely, while people are getting set up and familiar will go to UCSD and more production-oriented workflows move to IU.

Derek: HCC plans to query and submit through both. Gabriele: will need to guide users on proper use. 

Steve: Any plans to use HA features of Condor? Rob: We're still trying to figure to what best config should be, but imagines you can use either one or both.

- halt on top level BDIIs due to inconsistencies within new version

Gabriele will start an email thread with Ian Stokes-Rees.


---++  VOs In Focus 

---+++ Engagement

Gabriele: newly created front-end as testing for new communities engaged; NEES is first VO. Experience at RENCI is very good and major progress last couple weeks; negotiated additional ad-hoc quota for user on temporary basis;  also, understand next UCSD/RENCI transfer using globus online. User (Andree from NEES) had some bottlenecks, which have now been identified. Marko Slisz has been working with Mats to add more attributes to front-end configuration. Engagement has been very supportive.

New uses can request account on machine and submit jobs through front-end.

---+++ NEES (Gabriele Garzoglio)

Discussion of NEES VO in OSG. Portal-based job submission from NEES hub. Have registered in OIM. Will continue to use Engagement for now for job submit. 


---+++ !SBGrid (Ian Stokes-Rees)

Peter Doherty has moved into different organizational unit so is no longer available to handle OSG site at same level.

(Peter is actively working to get Harvard medical school institutional research computing system onto OSG.)

New team member: postdoc from England - Computational Biologist. He has grid-enabled one particular workflow, roughly 1-3000 hours for one workflow executtion (~1000 jobs max).

Want to have cycle servers set up to help with logging. Misunderstood what accounting facilities were provided by !glideinWMS. Wil look at this once cycle servers are up and running .4. 

Also have a summer intern who is working on web design.

Last four months, prdeominantly focused on web portal environment. We have more or less a system whereby a user looking ot apply for account on environement fill out web form, does email verification, then SBGrid requests certificate on their behalf. Portal authentication sysem will attempt to create/renew certificate so user doesn't have a complicated multi-stage process.

Have globus online set up. --> now can look at grid-enabled services at data collection facilities with guests. For instance Advanced Photon Source (APS) at Argonne National Lab uses ftp and honor system to delete confidential information. This system would provide a lot better integration, a better user interface.

Running between 1500-3500 jobs past week or two; could end up at that level continually. Looking at integrated SBGrid consortium (1000 possible users with 150 labs). (Some of these users will use Peter's Harvard institutional research system, too).

Using latest version of Condor; managing jobs. 

Gabriele: !eNMR, an Italian community wanted to submit jobs through !SBGrid; began discussing having a submit node at !SBGrid and at Italy and discussion of accounting. Ian wants to avoid (although feels there is no risk) having a flood of jobs that run through VO that pre-empt local jobs. (1) want to be able to distinguish these users; (2) want to be able to control these users. !eNMR wants to be able to do a proof of concept. 

Derek: they should build a condor pool (probably already have this) and have it flock to !SBGrid submit host (these jobs have lower priority to locally submitted jobs). !SBGrid can control them. Can do accounting if they install gratia probes.

Gabriele: talking to same front-end so negotator and collector can control the share of jobs going to the system.

Someone from !SBGrid (Dan O'Donovan?) will try to understand whether or not !eNMR wants to integrate their condor pool with OSG.

Using Apache, but portal code mainly Jango
Python tool: HNoteboom sagemacs.orgf


---+++ !SURAGrid (John-Paul Robinson)

several sites have resources for !SURAGrid use.
University of B.C. is intereested in contributing resources as a cloud environment. 

Still about a month out.

On application side, contact John McGee to see how to bring users on board. (Will switch to !SURAGrid once applications are running.)


----+++ !GlideinWMS Gratia Accounting

Upcoming Gratia features:
Below are examples of the gratia accounting graphs available when installing the !GlideinWMS Gratia Probe.  Final patch is with the Gratia developers.  Waiting on them to approve and cut a release.  Ready: O(week).  

The probe will be an RPM like all other Gratia probes.  This is based on the Condor CE Probe used in production on the OSG.  

---++++ By Site:

Note that the picture has odd named resources.  The OSG Factory has recently standardized the resource names to those in OIM.  New probe installs will reflect proper OIM resource names.

%ATTACHURL%/glidein_hours_bar_smry.png

[[http://rcf-gratia.unl.edu/gratia/xml/glidein_hours_bar_smry?endtime=2011-02-25+23%3A59%3A59&span=86400&facility=Nebraska+Glide-In&probe=.*&resource-type=BatchPilot&vo=.*&role=.*&user=.*&starttime=2011-02-04+00%3A00%3A00&exclude-facility=NONE|Generic|Obsolete&exclude-user=NONE&includeSuccess=true&exclude-vo=unknown|other&includeFailed=true&exclude-role=NONE][Source]]




---++++ By User:


%ATTACHURL%/dn_hours_bar.png

[[http://rcf-gratia.unl.edu/gratia/xml/dn_hours_bar?endtime=2010-09-22+23%3A59%3A59&span=86400&facility=.*&probe=condor-glidein%3Aglidein.unl.edu&resource-type=Batch&vo=.*&role=.*&user=.*&starttime=2010-08-25+00%3A00%3A00&exclude-facility=NONE|Generic|Obsolete&exclude-user=NONE&includeSuccess=true&exclude-vo=unknown|other&includeFailed=true&exclude-role=NONE][Source]]



---++ AOB

Steve Timm: JDEM is going to decommission itself. Will update VOMS.


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 19 May 2011

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="glidein_hours_bar_smry.png" attachment="glidein_hours_bar_smry.png" attr="" comment="" date="1305750950" path="glidein_hours_bar_smry.png" size="61744" stream="glidein_hours_bar_smry.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp37979" user="DerekWeitzel" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="dn_hours_bar.png" attachment="dn_hours_bar.png" attr="" comment="" date="1305751117" path="dn_hours_bar.png" size="53036" stream="dn_hours_bar.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp38091" user="DerekWeitzel" version="1"}%
