%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1276729847" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO Group Weekly Forum | June 17, 2010*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---++ Attending
<!--
Steve Barnet (!IceCube), Peter Doherty (!SBGrid/NEBioGrid), Jeffrey Dutton (!CompBioGrid), Robert Engel (Documentation), Dan Fraser (Production), Richard Jones (GLUE-X), Stephan Lammel (CDF), Doug Olson (Security), Maxim Potekhin (WMS, Engagement), Abhishek Singh Rana (VOs Group), Joel Snow (D0),  Marcia Teckenbrock (Communications, !VOs Group), Steven Timm (!Fermi-VO)-->

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20100610][Weekly Forum: June 10]] 

---++ Announcements 

<!--Preparation ongoing for Annual OSG Report to NSF; due later this month. Our sincere gratitude to all stakeholders who compiled a list of scientific publications (July'09 to June'10). This cycle resulted in more than 350 publications from a wide range of VOs/stakeholders. David and Abhishek are now in final stages of collating the list; but publications are welcome throughout the year.

We are inviting annual updates to the planning documents - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Stakeholder_PlansNeedsRequirements.-->

---++ Security (Doug Olson)


---++ Storage 

<!--We are inviting stakeholder participation in the OSG Storage Forum; at University of Chicago on September 21-22. Meeting webpage is http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceProgram.py?confId=3377. -->

---++ %BLACK% VOs In Focus %ENDCOLOR%

---++ CDF 

---++ !CompBioGrid 

---++ D0 

---++ Fermilab-VO 

---++ GLUE-X 

---++ !IceCube 

---++ !SBGrid/NEBioGrid 

---++ AOB








-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 16 Jun 2010