%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1314904967" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---++ *VO and User Support Forum | September 1*

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260, ID: 2460335 

---++ Attending
Marko Slyz, Julia Gray, Dan Bradley, Joel Snow, Rob Quick, Marco Mambelli, Dick Greenwood, Tanya Levshina, Steve Timm, Horst Severini,
John-Paul Robinson, Chander Sehgal

---++ Previous Minutes 

[[VOGroupMeeting20110825][Weekly Forum: August 25 2011]] 

---++ Announcements


---++  Presentations

---+++ DOSAR - Dick Greenwood / Horst Severini

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Dosar_OSG_Forum_Report.pdf][Dosar_OSG_Forum_Report.pdf]] - slides presented by Dick
   * Supports Dzero and, more recently, ATLAS and CMS
   * Other sciences supported are material science, bio-science, and weather
   * Most execution of work is done at OU but they have plan to use OSG wide grid resources as demand increases
   * Very active in international outreach and training for Grid technology; hope to put in a proposal to NSF next spring and looking for OSG letter-of-support as a satellite.   Will plan to share their plans at an upcoming OSG Council call (perhaps November 2011)


---+++ GLOW - Dan Bradley

   * Getting good production on OSG; 
   * There is no significant backlog of job execution due to OSG opportunistic resource availability; at present they are demand limited
   * There is a minor issue with getting good accounting for each researcher (in the pilot based glideinWMS environment).  They are using the gratia probe developed by Derek but there are a couple of issues that are being worked thru and a patch is now available from Derek and will be tested.
   * They have worked with Igor/Jeff at UCSD to get access to new sites as they become accessible via the pilot factory; a question is how to be notified when new sites become available


---++  Open Forum

Dzero - Joel Snow reported production is proceeding well

Fermilab/* VOs - Steve Timm reported no real issues.  Also the LBNE is proposed to be its own VO (not part of Fermilab VO family) and an application as a VO has been submitted which is pending action by the OSG Council

SURAgrid - John-Paul Robinson indicated no issues.  Rob Quick indicated that OSG operations is working on moving SURAgrid certificate vetting to a SURAgrid CA agent (following the general pattern for VOs); more information on this will be coming.

---++ AOB

-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 22 Aug 2011

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Dosar_OSG_Forum_Report.pdf" attachment="Dosar_OSG_Forum_Report.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1314901361" path="Dosar_OSG_Forum_Report.pdf" size="70928" stream="Dosar_OSG_Forum_Report.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp44673" user="HorstSeverini" version="1"}%
