%META:TOPICINFO{author="GabrieleGarzoglio" date="1330530851" format="1.1" reprev="1.145" version="1.145"}%
#VOandUserSupport
%DOC_STATUS_TABLE%
https://www.opensciencegrid.org/images/logo_osg_02.gif
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top"  bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> VO and User Support </h1></td></tr>
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>


---+++ %ORANGE% *Our Mission and Focus* %ENDCOLOR%

%ICON{stargold}% __The goal of User Support is to enable new communities to quickly adopt the OSG DHTC model and to improve productivity for all VOs as OSG service capabilities evolve.__


---+++ %ICON{led-blue}% %ORANGE% *How to contact us and get support:* %ENDCOLOR% 
%BLACK% Please send mail to [[mailto:user-support@opensciencegrid.org][User Support]] or see the
 [[Documentation.UsingTheGrid][end user documentation]].%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ %BLACK% *Meetings* %ENDCOLOR%

The VO Forum is a periodic phone call with the primary purpose of assisting VOs and User Groups in efficiently accomplishing their science.  Via these calls we work to understand the computation goals of the community, understand issues and challenges, and develop paths for resolving issues and providing consulting help for the user community.                                                                         
 [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/Meetings][These meeting are typically held every other Thursday at 1:30pm central time.]]    

The User Support Group holds  [[UserSupportMtgSchedule][bi-weekly team meetings]] to review progress on the work program described below; these are typically every other Tuesday at 1pm central and meeting notices are sent out to the team.

#ActiveProjects
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td center-align="top"  bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> Active Projects with Stakeholders </h1></td></tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0">
| *Name* | *OSG Staff Contact* | *Community Contact* |           
| [[Engagement.EngageOpenSeesProductionDemo][NEES]] | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | Andre Barbosa  |    
| [[SiteCoordination.SitesCoord120127OSU][Oregon State University]] | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | Andre Barbosa  |  
| [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Engagement/DES_SingleEpochOverview][DES]] | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | Don Petravick  |    
| [[Engagement.EngageLSSTPhase2][LSST]] | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | John Peterson  |   
| [[Engagement.EICSimulations][EIC]] | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | Tobias Toll  |  
| Baker Lab | [[mailto:rynge@isi.edu][Mats Rynge]] | Darwin Alonso   |    
| PNNL/Belle | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | David Cowley  |    
| [[Engagement.Phenomenology][SLAC Phenomenology]] | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | Stefan Hoeche  |  
| [[Engagement.SuperB_VO_Support][SuperB]] | [[mailto:mslyz@fnal.gov][Marko Slyz]] | Armando Fella  |  
| [[SiteCoordination.SitesCoord120223OSC][Ohio Supercomputer Center]] | [[mailto:garzoglio@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | Doug Johnson  |  
| Geant4 | [[mailto:tlevshin@fnal.gov][Gabriele Garzoglio]] | Andrea Dotti  |    

#NewCapabilities
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top" bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> New Capabilities and Technology  </h1></td></tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
| *Name* | *OSG Staff Contact* |       
| [[OSGasXsedeSp][OSG as XSEDE SP]] | [[mailto:rynge@isi.edu][Mats Rynge]] |    
| [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/IRODSOSG][Public Storage]] | [[mailto:tlevshin@fnal.gov][Tanya Levshina]] |     
| Cross-OSG-CE | To Follow |   

#ProjectsInPlanning
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top" bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> Projects in Planning Stages </h1></td></tr>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
| *Name* | *OSG Community Contact* | *VO Contact* |           
| To Follow | To Follow | To Follow  |    


#WhoWeAre
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td center-align="top" bgcolor=#21325D  colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> Who Are We</h1></td></tr>


 <td valign="top"  width="20%"> </td>


<table border=0><tr><td> https://www.opensciencegrid.org/images/CSSehgal.jpg  https://www.opensciencegrid.org/images/rynge1.jpg  https://www.opensciencegrid.org/images/Gabriele1.jpg  https://www.opensciencegrid.org/images/mslyz1.jpg  https://www.opensciencegrid.org/images/tanya.jpg </td></tr></table> _From left to right: Chander Sehgal (Fermilab), Mats Rynge (USC), Gabriele Garzoglio (Fermilab), Marko Slyz (Fermilab), Tanya Levshina (Fermilab)_
       

#HistoricalInformation
<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
<tr><td valign="top" bgcolor=#21325D colspan=2> <h1><font color=#ffffff> Historical Information </h1></td></tr>


<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0"><tbody>
| *Name* | *Information* |   
| To Follow | To Follow | 


---++++ %BLACK% [[VOandUserOldHomePage][Old Home Page]] %ENDCOLOR%

 <!-- CONTENT MANAGEMENT PROJECT
############################################################################################################
DOCUMENT OWNER
======================
 
   Thank you for claiming ownership for this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local OWNER          = ChanderSehgal

   Please define the document area, choose one of the defined areas from the next line
   DOC_AREA = (ComputeElement|General|Integration|Monitoring|Operations|Security|SmallSite|Storage|User|VO)
   * Local DOC_AREA       = VO
 
   define the primary role the document serves, choose one of the defined roles from the next line
   DOC_ROLE = (Any|Developer|Documenter|Scientist|Student|SysAdmin|VOManager)
   * Local DOC_ROLE       = Scientist
 
   Please define the document type, choose one of the defined types from the next line
   DOC_TYPE = (HowTo|Installation|Knowledge|Navigation|Planning|Team|Training|Troubleshooting)
   * Local DOC_TYPE       = Team
 
   Please define if this document in general needs to be reviewed before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_REVIEW = %NO%
 
   Please define if this document in general needs to be tested before release ( %YES% | %NO% )
   * Local INCLUDE_TEST   = %NO%
 
   change to %YES% once the document is ready to be reviewed and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local REVIEW_READY   = %NO%
 
   change to %YES% once the document is ready to be tested and back to %NO% if that is not the case
   * Local TEST_READY     = %NO%
 
   change to %YES% only if the document has passed the review and the test (if applicable) and is ready for release
   * Local RELEASE_READY  = %YES%
 
 
DOCUMENT REVIEWER
======================
 
   Thank for reviewing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local REVIEWER       = 
 
   Please define the review status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local REVIEW_PASSED  = %IN_PROGRESS%
 
 
DOCUMENT TESTER
======================
 
   Thank for testing this document! Please fill in your FirstLast name here:
   * Local TESTER         = 
 
   Please define the test status for this document to be in progress ( %IN_PROGRESS% ), failed ( %NO% ) or passed ( %YES% )
   * Local TEST_PASSED    = %IN_PROGRESS%
############################################################################################################
 -->

-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 07 Feb 2012

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" attachment="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" attr="h" comment="" date="1197211173" path="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" size="21265" stream="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" user="Main.AbhishekSinghRana" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements.html" attachment="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements.html" attr="h" comment="" date="1248718404" moveby="AbhishekSinghRana" movedto="VirtualOrganizations.WebHome.1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements.html" movedwhen="1248718593" movefrom="Management.Year4Planning.1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements.html" path="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements.html" size="166" stream="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements.html" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp11445" user="AbhishekSinghRana" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements" attachment="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements" attr="h" comment="" date="1248719381" path="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements" size="166" stream="1.4.1_VOsAtlarge_Plans_Requirements" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp13611" user="AbhishekSinghRana" version="1"}%
