%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1322850075" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! <nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Coordinates
   * Friday, December 2, 2011, 11:00 am Central
   * Phone: (570) 310 0130, Access code: 735188; Dial *6 to mute/un-mute.

---++ Attending
   * Igor, Rob, Jim, Michael, Alain, Ruth, Mine
   * Apologies: Chander, Gabriele, Lothar, John

---++ Background / Introduction
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/assessment-osg-12.02.2011-v1.key.pdf][Intro for today's meeting]] 
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OpsAssessmentNov.xls][Operations BSC through 10/2011]] 
   * Area coordinators meeting report: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/20111116AgendaMinutes

---++ Discussion topics for next three meetings
   *  Next meeting will be about Operations analysis
   *  Need to discuss with Dan putting shape to Production operations
   *  Would like to analyze stakeholder requests - devote a meeting to this
   * At some point Mine will provide an assessment focusing on security (future)


---++ References
   * OSG current work plan (Year 6): https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1063
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_year6_Ongoing_Activities_v1.xls][OSG_year6_Ongoing_Activities_v1]]


---+++ Jira dashboards
   * [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10041][Software assessment]]
   * [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10240][Operations assessment]]
   * [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030][Stakeholder requests]] 


%BR%
-- Main.RobGardner - 28 Nov 2011

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="assessment-osg-12.02.2011-v1.key.pdf" attachment="assessment-osg-12.02.2011-v1.key.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1322841911" path="assessment-osg-12.02.2011-v1.key.pdf" size="515949" stream="assessment-osg-12.02.2011-v1.key.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp54509" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OpsAssessmentNov.xls" attachment="OpsAssessmentNov.xls" attr="" comment="" date="1322841935" path="OpsAssessmentNov.xls" size="1738" stream="OpsAssessmentNov.xls" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp54460" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_year6_Ongoing_Activities_v1.xls" attachment="OSG_year6_Ongoing_Activities_v1.xls" attr="" comment="" date="1322841956" path="OSG year6 Ongoing Activities v1.xls" size="28160" stream="OSG year6 Ongoing Activities v1.xls" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp54478" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="RobGardner" date="1322456271" from="Assessment.MinutesDec2" to="Assessment.Minutes2011Dec2"}%
