%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dMarco_20Mambelli_20325802" date="1297714217" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! <nop>Talk with the Experts at OSGAH - Planning page
%TOC%

---++ Planning meetings

---+++ 1/13
Minutes of the meeting can be found at SitesCoord110113

---+++ 1/27

Description of the session, see: ExpertsAtAllHands2011

Attendees: Igor, Tanya, Doug Strain, Gabriele, Marco , Suchandra

Marco will present the session at the VO forum (phone meeting) and ask to Marcia for suggestions to reach out to the users community.
Gabriele will be at the meeting as well. 
Update: we'll have few lines advertising the session in the OSG news

Marco will confirm the attendance of some xrootd expert like Andy or Wey. Marco will firm with Alain the names of the VDT expert/s.

The list of experts is in ExpertsAtAllHands2011. Please correct it if there are mistakes or omissions.

Here is a to-do list for all the experts that will be at the session (in person or remotely):
   * register if they did not 
      * in the registration form indicate that you'll attend the "talk with the experts" session on Thursday
      * no need to pay for Thursday (unless you attend other events that day)
   * correct their registration if needed by sending an email to ahm2011@sbgrid.org (no later than next week):
      * let organizers know that you'll attend the Thursday session
      * ask for a reimbursement if you paid for Thursday
   * review ExpertsAtAllHands2011
   * in their section 
      * provide a description of their activity and/or main areas of expertise, of the kind of questions that they will answer
      * provide references to documents important for their area 
      * review the tutorials from pervious editions (you know who you are)
      * provide background material for attendees interested in preparing for the session (hands-on tutorials, documents with recommandations, suggested readings)
      * feel free to point to documents in the OSG documentation; if there are none, is appreciated if you contribute some

The next meeting is in about 2 weeks and by then the material and ExpertsAtAllHands2011 should be almost ready for the session attendees.

If you have any question do not hesitate to contact Marco.

---+++ 2/14

Attendees: Steve Timm, Tanya, Doug Strain, Andy, Marco , Suchandra

Tanya will update the structure of the linked documents to make it easier for users to find what thy are looking for:
   * If they know what to install
   * If they need an overview to choose
   * What differentiates documents from workshops (more specific and hands-on)
Doug and Steve are OK with their respective sections and checked that the linked documents are current.
Andy suggested some small change (link to xrootd documents).

Some of the experts should update their section. Marco will contact them directly.

Expect the page to be advertised more starting mid week. It should be ready!

Currently there are 19 attendees beside the official experts. 
   * Some of the attendees are actually more experts than there to ask questions. Marco will contact them to check if they'd like to be included in the official list of experts.
   * Some are site admin but some are more users or managers. Expect a different crowd from the usual site admin workshops

Today was sent an OSGAH update with a form to solicit for questions for the panels. Marco will ask to include questions for the "Talk with the experts" session.

Next meeting in a week. There will be some initial questions.


Update:
   * email sent to Michelle Ottaviano and Piotrek Sliz asking to modify the form
   * changes to Andy's section done.

---+++ 2/21

Tentative agenda:
   * readiness of the material for the attendees
   * first questions for the experts

Attendees:


---++ Logistic
As far as logistic: I asked for a room with tables where people could work on laptops, possibly where
people working on the same problem could interact or experts could join to the table.
Table layout is not very important, anyway no amphitheater or theater style (row of chairs with no
table) room.
A room with internet access and power (for the laptops).
One projector+screen, possibly a speakerphone and a computer that could be dedicated to project a
presentation and/or run adobe connect (flash application). A second projector and a camera showing the
room to the remote attendees would be an added bonus.

A description of the session and the planning discussion with the experts is in January site
coordination meeting:
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SiteCoordination/SitesCoord110113



---++ Expected experts list

Miriam Boon  miriam.boon@isgtw.org

Gabriele Garzoglio 

Andrew Hanushevsky

Scot Kronenfeld

Tanya Levshina 

Marco Mambelli marco@hep.uchicago.edu 1-773-834-6696

Igor Sfiligoi

Douglas Strain dstrain@fnal.gov

Suchandra Thapa

Steve Timm timm@fnal.gov 

Jason Zurawski

Other VDT team members


See also the public page: ExpertsAtAllHands2011
                                                                                                           


-- Main.MarcoMambelli - 14 Jan 2011
