%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985966" format="1.1" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! %TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob G, Steve T, Horst, Karthik, Burt, George, Wayne, Michael, Alain, Suchandra, Kevin, Charles, Jeff, Rob, Soichi, Doug Johnson, Tanya, Shreyas, Doug, Anand, Sarah, Sam Hoover (Clemson) 
   * Apologies: none 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, Sep 25, 2008, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Next face-to-face meeting
   * Time: 
      * *please fill out doodle with preferences* [[http://www.doodle.ch/qzxubp9u42nzxagq][here]]. 
   * Location: 
      * SLAC (TBC) or Chicago 
   * Format: two days. Start-up plenary (1/2 day); majority parallel technical tracks. 
   * Possible work sessions 
      * Installing and validating an OSG CE (getting on the OSG) 
      * Deploying a Bestman SE (Bestman-Gateway) 
      * Deploying a dCache SE 
      * Installing an xrootd filesystem on your cluster 
      * Redundant ("HA") OSG services: GUMS example 
      * Network performance toolkits 
      * Keeping your OSG site up to date - best practices 
   * Preparations: tutorial-like and other technical materials to be prepared in advance by session leaders. Site admins should prepare resources in advance including host certificates, etc. 
   * Twiki page for the meeting: SiteAdminsWorkshop2008 

---++ Updating CA Certificates (Doug)
   * *Follow-up* the switch-over to GOC - any issues, probs? 
   * Notice has been sent - certs will come from the GOC rather than the VDT. 
   * Requires update to the update-infrastructure. 
   * Sent out a survey - people are filling out. 
   * Comments? What about VDT 1.6.1 - will install same as other releases. Pacman updates to the CA convenience package will still work. Security team struggling with what should go there - Fermilab KCA is included. 
   * The CA package at the GOC is the OSG recommended CAs. 
   * Sites that have updated: Caltech, MWT2, Fermilab, OU 

---++ OSG Security (Mine/Doug)
   * Guide to resources within OSG for best practices, procedures. 
   * Expectations from the OSG Security team. 
   * Nothing new this week. 

---++ Globus infrastructure performance/improvements (Charles)

---+++ Pre-WS GRAM performance
   * A proposal to improve the performance and robustness of GT2 GRAM via a configuration change to use the WS-GRAM SEG (scheduler event generator). 
   * http://www.globus.org/toolkit/docs/4.0/execution/prewsgram/admin-index.html#s-gram-admin-seg 
   * Protect gk from rogue users that don't have grid monitor enabled. Based on events rather than constant polling. 
   * Issue: no condor logfile rotation. 
   * Interaction with gridmonitor not known. 
   * Not well tested - will test on ITB w/ a user submitting workflow w/o condor-g. 

---+++ WS GRAM delegation error
   * *Follow-up*: Globus fix but no reported tests - *there's a patch, but its not been tested*. 
   * http://bugzilla.globus.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=6271 
   * This is for sites using PRIMA+GUMS w/ WS Gram. 

---+++ Globus 17 & 43 errors (Steve)
   * Large number of Globus errors 17 & 43: Errors being investigated as a Globus-Condor issue: *update* - there were a couple of fixes in the condor gahp server - Steve Timm is testing a version from Condor. 
   * No time to test. There is a patch, will test before next meeting. 

---++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS in the future (Rob Q)

With the success of RSV in ATLAS and CMS, we are starting to move toward making RSV a required part of OSG reporting. This also means the eventual demise of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS, so as a first step, I would like to ask the VOs and Sites how they use VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS, which feature are absolutely necessary to keep, which feature are unused, what additional functionality they would like to see. - Rob Q.

---++ OSG plan to migrate from VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS to RSV monitoring (Rob Quick)
   * Current VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS location vors.grid.iu.edu 
   * Preliminary Planning Stages Now 
      * First Step is to find out how VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS is being used. How is your VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo using VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS? 
      * Some VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS usage data at http://vors.grid.iu.edu/webalizer 
   * Alpha Version of a Replacement at http://rsv.grid.iu.edu 
      * What is missing from VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS that should be built into a replacement? 
      * Mail suggestions to rsv-dev@opensciencegrid.org 
      * *Please provide feedback!*

---++ OSG 1.0 bugs
   * Configure-osg doesn't pick up VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo names correctly (footprints 5572 & 5573)
      * Suchandra has sent a new package which should fix these bugs
   * Configure-osg error at STAR-WSU (footprings 5419) 
      * Suchandra has sent a fix for these.
   * Once these are tested he'll release it to Rob for the OSG.


---++ AOB
   * VDT update coming. There will be 6 components updated.  ITB testing next week (Suchandra coordinating)
   * OSG installer and agreement to licenses.  Should we be prompted for these explicitly?  Most think not.  



%BR%

-- Main.RobGardner - 23 Sep 2008