%META:TOPICINFO{author="JeffPorter" date="1215786656" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! %TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob G, Suchandra, Jeff, Rob Q, Tim, Kyle, Anand, Shreyas, Wendy, Sergio, Karthik, Steve, John W., Terrence, Michael, Charles W, Charles Bacon, Burt, Arvind, Alain, Kevin, Sarah Williams, Wayne, Gabriele, Ian, Kent, Wenjing, George Turner 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, July 10, 2008, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Top 10 reasons you should upgrade to OSG 1.0 (Rob Quick)
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/SiteAdmins.ppt][SiteAdmins.ppt]] 
      * [[%ATTACHURL%http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.10.1/release.html][VDT Release Page]] 
   * Twiki infrastructure has also been updated - though not really a OSG 1.0 item 

---++ A few surprises in OSG 1.0 (Suchandra)

   * what to watch out for, what's different. (5 minutes) 
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/sites-telecon-july-10-2008.ppt][sites-telecon-july-10-2008.ppt]]: Surprises and Changes in OSG 1.0 
      * RSV question: What's mandatory for OSG sites? 
         * Sending info to GOC's Gratia collector is mandatory for OSG sites 
         * Note: Info sent to GOC via RSV is the same as is already available from remote job running (such as site_verify.pl) 
 

---++ Site Administrator experiences

A few site administrators will tell you how their site upgrades went, so you can hear what to watch out for. Each person is limited to five minutes
---+++++ Steven Timm - FNAL/Fermigrid

   * Upgraded ~1/2 of 9 production Gatekeepers, both PBS and Condor 
   * Small bugs found in configure-osg.py passed on the Suchandra 
   * Missing documentation with RSV preparation is now fixed 
   * Was able to install 1.0 while 0.8 was running 
      * turned off 0.8 just before running configure-osg.py 
      * downtime was very short 
   * Took a bit longer to do a new site installation from scratch 
   * GIP required some manual configuration for dcache probe 
   * New WS GRAM exception in log file failing to delete proxy at end of job 
      * turns out it used to fail before but silently 
      * patch is underway 
   * glexec new feature requires a bunch of new groups added, in general glexec is not very repeatable to install on many nodes 
      * Steve and Alain will identifty the issues in an attempt to streamline the process with glexec developers 

---+++++ Wenjing Wu - Michigan/ATLAS

   * OSG:ce installed to OSG-1.0. Haven't yet tested client packages 
      * installation went smoothly 
   * configure-osg.py caused problems 
      * Used -e option to get extracted.ini file but required fields in file are not very clear 
      * Currently GIP is not correctly configure 
      * Suchandra will work with Wenjiing to clarify fields and update documentation 
   * Ran into an order issue with startup of mysql and globus-ws 
      * start up files are linked as S99globus-ws and S99mysql which starts globus-ws 1st but globus-ws requires mysql 
      * not an issue with vdt-control but on reboot 

---+++++ Sergio Litti - FNAL/SPRACE

   * Condor installation 7.0.2 was unstable and had to upgrade to 7.0.3. Now site is stable 
   * Also needed to upgrade dcache 
   * Currently having problems with GIP and CEMon 
      * working on these issues via GOC 

---+++++ Michael Thomas - CIT/CMS
   * Began upgrading at end of June (24th) 
      * took 2 days to get submissions working 
      * 1 week to get GIP w/ storage working 
      * just got glexec working 
   * One problem was re-using an ITB config.ini and not changing Grid label 
   * Another was a typo in /etc/sudoers 
   * Need to have GLOBUS_HOSTNAME defined in vdt-local-setup.sh but this wasn't pulled over 
      * had to add it by hand 
   * glexec issues 
      * switch to native openssl required adding openssl-devel package to each wn 
      * ran into the new group requirements mentioned by Steve 
   * now embraced local wn-client (built own rpm) and removed NFS. Had to clean up some residual NSF dependencies and disabled ca-updater 
   * configure-osg.py wasn't passing monalisa information - now fixed 
   * dynamic dcache provider required patch to configure-gip 
   * RSV local time reporting for probes didn't work but problem was identified. 

---+++++ Terrence Martin - UCSD/CMS
   * adding port number in the squid-proxy field caused odd error 
      * Suchandra asked if admins want to supply full URL OR just hostname w/ script added defaults? 
      * Terrence suggested using full URL makes most sense - no objections 
   * Because of initial RSV problems, chose to configured RSV directly with configure_osg_rsv script 
   * suggested re-ordering configure-osg.py sections 
   * CEmon seemed flaky - tomcat-55 takes a very long time to shutdown during vdt-control --off 
   * Condor-cron install with RSV worked well and didn't interfere with production condor 
   * RSV challenges with dynamic dcache testing - getting path definitions correct 
      * Need more information about the probe to help assemble the necessary information 

---++ Site level gratia installations (Charles Bacon)
   * This was a requested service from some sites in order to maintain local accounting information. 
   * Instruction for setting it up were tested and updated into the OSG 1.0 release documentation 
      * tested by 1 other admin (Ian) 
   * Question: Can site collector also collect RSV data? 
      * Arvind: Yes, it should work 

---++ 
---++ Site Plans
   * We want to hear from you about OSG 1.0: Will you upgrade soon? If not, why not? Is there anything we can do to ease the transition for you? (open-ended) 
   * Shreyas - NERSC plans to move to 1.0 during the next month, but some CEs are still 0.6. Should we step to 0.8 and then to 1.0? 
      * Suchandra: upgrading from 0.6 to 1.0 should work 
   * Kevin - like to plan that something will go wrong and prefer to do an upgrade during a face-to-face meeting. When will that happen? 
      * Rob G: Not planned but is there a strong demand for this? 
      * Kevin - votes yes 
      * Kent - votes yes 
      * Rob G will take a look at the schedule and see if he can co-locate with other OSG meeting in a couple of months 

---++ 

---++ 
---++ Feedback to the OSG Software coordinator

   * Alain Roy, the OSG software coordinator, wants your opinion on how the VDT should be packaged (Pacman, RPMs, etc). He'll talk briefly about the problem, the solutions, and he wants feedback from you. (5-10 minutes) 
      * He is contacting some people directly for opinions, but please send him email with opinions. 
      * Once some ideas are well formulated, he'll survey the community 
   * Charles W.: liked the move to native openssl, consider moving to other local system services (e.g. use locally installed web server, java, ...) 
      * Ian 2nd'd this suggestion, didn't have opinion about how other packages from the VDT are installed (pacman vs rpms vs ...) 
      * Charles noted that this may mean moving toward more native packaging tools like rpms 

---++ AOB

%BR%

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 10 Jul 2008

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="SiteAdmins.ppt" attachment="SiteAdmins.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1215711759" path="SiteAdmins.ppt" size="63488" stream="SiteAdmins.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp3317" user="RobQ" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="sites-telecon-july-10-2008.ppt" attachment="sites-telecon-july-10-2008.ppt" attr="" comment="Surprises and Changes in OSG 1.0" date="1215717552" path="sites-telecon-july-10-2008.ppt" size="588288" stream="sites-telecon-july-10-2008.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp63515" user="SuchandraThapa" version="1"}%
