%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481048003" format="1.1" version="1.15"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! %TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Kevin/Vanderbilt, Brian, Keith Chadwick, Steve Timm/FNAL, Fred Luehring/IU, Shreyeas/NERSC, Brian/UWM, Abhishek, Doug (LBL), Wayne Betts (STAR/BNL), Jeff Porter/LBNL, Karthik/OU, Charles/UChicago, Anand, Arvind, Alain 
   * Apologies: Rob Quick 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, Sep 11, 2008, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Updating CA Certificates (Doug)
   * New version coming for this: OSG 1.0.1, see [[Documentation.CaDistribution][CA certificates]]. 
   * Question: who all wants CA certificates by rpm? 
      * rpm still being produced by VDT. How about GOC? *This needs to be checked - intention is to fully support it.* 
      * NERSC uses the rpm; Michigan, Nebraska as well. 
   * Sites have always been responsible for these - OSG and VDT provide a recommended set. This has not been particularly emphasized. 
   * Where we need to make sure the change process is well documented in the Release Documentation. 
   * GOC will provide a list of which CA's are supported. See http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.10.1/certificate_authorities.html 
   * Anyone who has does an update or fresh install will be affected by these changes. 
   * For updates or new installs, currently must edit directly. 
   * Has change been tested with RSV probes? Yes. There is a new RSV probe which works correctly with the update. 

---++ OSG Security (Mine)

Best practices, procedures and expectations from the OSG Security team.
   * Mine is ill - need to cover at a future meeting. 

---++ GIP in OSG 1.0 (Brian)

An overview of what the GIP is, what it advertises about your site, and who is using this data. PDF attached to this twiki page.
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/GIP_Overview.pdf][GIP_Overview.pdf]]: GIP_Overview.pdf 
   * To increase grid usage at a site, advertise your site and make sure !ReSS is working. 

---++ OSG 1.0 Issue Inventory (Jeff, ++)
 Jeff will review the current inventory of problems and issues in OSG 1.0 - for open discussion and input.

   * Scan of osg-sites email list for issues that are not specific GOC or VDT tickets 
      * WS GRAM proxy deletion error - Globus fix but no reported tests - *there's a patch, but its not been tested*. 
      * Large number of Globus errors 17 & 43: Errors being investigated as a Globus-Condor issue: *update* - there were a couple of fixes in the condor gahp server - Steve Timm is testing a version from Condor. 
      * CE load through the roof: temporary issue? Several of these. *Kevin: no update, its not happened again.* Keith: saw a load spike from an Engage user that was using "Nimrod" against a Fermigrid CE*. 
      * several items on RSV (re)configuration: resolved but resurface 
      * Others? ... Shreyeas: IA64 support, and Java support, have had to put in a beta version outside of VDT. Also, Globus from VDT is not working well with openssl. 
   * Scan of osg-int email list that missed the osg-sites list 
      * Summary of write access policy to $OSG_APP 
         * write access on CE (required), read only on worker nodes (recommended?) 
         * listed some implementation details: sticky-bit vs ACLs 
         * who is responsible for making sure policy is maintained? *more of best practice for the VO* 
      * Scalability of GUMS account pool mapping 
         * create a mechanism to disable grid-mapfile generation from web interface 
         * Might require a GUMS update - perhaps in OSG 1.2 
 
   * configure-osg.py issues 
      * will collect issues in Footprints 

---++ Meetings
   * Next phone meeting (bi-weekly - but need to back off during Trash/Trash/Integration seasons) 
   * Next face-to-face meeting: is there an interest in hands-on type meeting? Parallel technical sessions? 
   * For example (call for participation, leaders) 
      * entry-level to OSG (getting on the OSG) 
      * deploying a Bestman SE (Bestman-Gateway) 
      * deploying a dCache SE 
      * xrootd, Lustre filesystems? 
      * redundant services, failover for HA service 
   * Interfacing with users and site admins - can we accommodate this 
   * Finding a timeframe: *please fill out doodle* [[http://www.doodle.ch/qzxubp9u42nzxagq][here]]. 

---++ AOB
   * Next meeting Thursday, September 25, same time. 

%BR%

-- Main.RobGardner - 08 Sep 2008

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="GIP_Overview.pdf" attachment="GIP_Overview.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1221157655" path="GIP Overview.pdf" size="175142" stream="GIP Overview.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp7969" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
