%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985966" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! %TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob Gardner, Suchandra, Michael Thomas, Jim Blasney, Jeff Porter, Anand, Rob Quick, Karthik, Xin, Ted, George, Para, Sam Hoover 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, Oct 23, 2008, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Next face-to-face meeting
   * SiteAdminsWorkshop2008 
   * Please sign up if possible 

---++ New wn-client
   * Added LFC client to existing wn-client package 
   * Need to update vdt-version package before updating LFC client tools 
   * See email sent to osg-sites with detailed update instructions 

---++ configure-osg.py updates
   * Update notice sent out by goc with instructions 
   * To update pacman -update OSG:osg-config 
   * Fixes consist of 

---++ Usefulness of these meetings
   * What can we do to make these site coordination meetings more useful so that site more administrators want (and do) attend? 
   * Feedback from admins 
      * Michael Thomas 
         * Have a "featured talk" at each meeting (e.g. a verbal presentation on security, HA, etc.) 
      * Karthik 
         * Discussions on site experiences / feedback on particular areas 
      * Xin 
         * Meeting summarizes discussions from mailing lists 
         * Continue biweekly format 
      * George 
         * Tutorials or featured speaker at each meeting 
      * Anand 
         * Presentations on various topics would be useful 
      * Sam Hoover 
         * Discussions on monitoring (new software updates, recommendations on which packages sites should be installing and when) which admins would be interested in 
 

Feedback from support
   * 
      * Jim 
         * More site representation 
         * More security feedback 
      * Ted 
         * Important for ITB and testing coordinations 
      * Parag 
      * Rob 
         * Need general communications from site admins and feedback from the admins 
      * Jeff 
         * Admin feedback is helpful 
      * Suchandra 
         * Agree with responses about getting admin feedback 
         * Tutorial talks are interesting as well 
 

---++ Carryover topics
   * Will follow up on Globus issues at ITB meeting 

---+++ Globus infrastructure performance/improvements (Charles)

---+++ Pre-WS GRAM performance
   * *Follow up last status:* 
      * A proposal to improve the performance and robustness of GT2 GRAM via a configuration change to use the WS-GRAM SEG (scheduler event generator). 
      * http://www.globus.org/toolkit/docs/4.0/execution/prewsgram/admin-index.html#s-gram-admin-seg 
      * Protect gk from rogue users that don't have grid monitor enabled. Based on events rather than constant polling. 
      * Issue: no condor logfile rotation. 
      * Interaction with gridmonitor not known. 
      * Not well tested - will test on ITB w/ a user submitting workflow w/o condor-g. 
   * Will work with Suchandra and Ben Clifford to try out on UC ITB. Will use Swift - high volume non-condorg submitter. 

---+++ WS GRAM delegation error
   * *Follow-up last status*: 
      * Globus fix but no reported tests - *there's a patch, but its not been tested*. 
      * http://bugzilla.globus.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=6271 
   * Will show up in the next VDT release. 

---+++ Globus 17 & 43 errors (Steve)
   * *Follow-up last status:* 
      * Large number of Globus errors 17 & 43: Errors being investigated as a Globus-Condor issue: *update* - there were a couple of fixes in the condor gahp server - Steve Timm is testing a version from Condor. 
      * No time to test. There is a patch, will test before next meeting. 
      * From Steve: new gahp server available from Jamie. Running for a couple of weeks. Will come with a pre-release of Condor-G (possible will be available in Condor 7.0.6). Effects all scheduler sites. 
      * Alan Sill reporting Globus 17 probs, has LSF job manager. 

---+++ Backlog of Globus patches (Alain)
   * Alain would like test all these on the ITB 

---+++ OSG 1.0 bugs (Jeff)
   * *Follow-up last status:* 
      * Configure-osg doesn't pick up VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo names correctly (footprints 5572 & 5573) 
         * Suchandra has sent a new package which should fix these bugs; - sent to Steve, but not yet tested. 
      * Configure-osg error at STAR-WSU (footprings 5419) *fixed? no longer in footprints* 
         * Suchandra has sent a fix for these. 
      * Once these are tested he'll release it to Rob Q for the OSG. 
      * %MAROON%Fixed in just released configure-osg update%ENDCOLOR% 
   * Brian reported vo-map.txt file if empty, configure-osg causes problems w/ GIP - needs a warning %MAROON%(Fixed in just released update to configure-osg.py)%ENDCOLOR% 
   * Bestman - SBGrid site problems. Unique problems, no bug reports yet. Fermilab client needs an additional flag. 
   * RSV on a non-standard port - not handled well. Requires Suchandra and Arvind's coordination. 

---++ AOB

   * Parag - Looking for feedback on priority on work to add support for mpi 
      * CEMon plugin available to allow advertising mpi support through ReSS 
      * Purdue testing this 
      * Needs to be further discussion and conversation on continuing this
   * Michael wanted suggestions on what to do about failing VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers
      * GOC doesn't currently actively pursue this but will with OIM
      * GOC tickets can be filed and the GOC will follow up and investigate

%BR%

-- Main.RobGardner - 21 Oct 2008