%META:TOPICINFO{author="ManePoonam" date="1281451577" format="1.1" version="1.13"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SiteAdminsWorkshopAug2010"}%
---+!! %TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Marco, Kevin, Michael T, Rob S, Jason, Igor, Carl, Scot, Derek, Suchandra, Tanya, Steve T, Kurtis  
   * Coordinates: 
      * Wednesday, Aug 4, 2010, 2pm Central 
      * tel 1-605-475-4800, 883253#

Tentative agenda
   * comments on the workshop agenda                                                                
   * review of general and additional requirements for attendees                           
   * status of the tutorials/talks  (OSG ws)                                                       
   * assignment of tester/reviewer for tutorials (OSG ws)                                          
   * other checks/questions: venue, additional requests                                    
   * status of the tutorials/talks  (CMS ws)                                                       
   * assignment of tester/reviewer for tutorials (CMS ws)                                          

---++ August 2010 site administrators workshop planning

---+++ Agenda
No need for a contribution about OSG Client installation. Attendees should be able to install it on their own following the [[ReleaseDocumentation.ClientInstallationHandsOn][client installation tutorial]] and can get support on Campfire:
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SiteCoordination/ChatCalendar

GUMS/CE wrap-up has its own session (moved out from the SE session) but there is no change in time.


---+++ Contribution review

All contribution should be reviewed before the workshop:
   * all hands-on tutorials should be tested by at least the assigned reviewer
      * make sure that the commands work correctly
      * if it takes you more than the allotted time to complete please warn the author to shorten the content (or make it optional), specially if you are familiar with the topic you should be able to complete it within the time
      * you can give feedback via email or leaving a comment on the TWiki page
      * correct directly simple typos/misspellings. TWiki is collaborative. 
   * provide constructive feedback for the presentations

To edit a tutorial (hands-on) session you need write access to the TWiki. SitesCoord100728 contains detailed instructions to request access.
I can provide help or watch over the request if needed. 

Final presentations should be uploaded to the agenda before the beginning of the session:
   * Use this agenda URL: http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceOtherViews.py?view=standard&confId=3429 (click "manage" close to the top left side)
   * The modification password: osgsa10
   * If it goes back to a different style you can choose "Indico style" from the "view" pull down menu
   * The file icon next to the contribution name allows you to submit material
   * Indico should generate the PDF for you. If possible check the PDF or upload a trusted one. On OS X printing to file as PDF works better than saving as PDF.

Working copies of the presentations can be attached to this page or exchanged with the reviewer(s):
   * feel free to exchange emails directly with the reviewer
   * If your talk is not ready, email the reviewer to let him/her know when to look for it

If anyone different from the assigned reviewer feels like reading a presentation or a hands-on tutorial and would like to send some feedback, she/he is more than welcome!

If you don't know the email address of the presenter/reviewer you'd like to contact, I can provide it to you (send an email to marco@hep.uchicago.edu).

Session conveners should check that the material in their session will be ready for the workshop:
   * OSG and Tier 3s: Marco Mambelli
   * OSG hands-on I: GUMS Server and Compute Element: Suchandra Thapa
   * Network performance: Dan Fraser
   * OSG hands-on II: Storage Elements: Tanya Levshina 
   * CMS Tier 3 workshop I: Bob Clare
   * CMS Tier 3 workshop II: Rob Snihur

| *Contribution* | *Main author*  | *Reviewer/Tester* |
| Welcome  | Marco, Rob, Dan, Kevin | - |
| OSG Introduction | Scot | Marco, Dan |
| Architecture of a Tier 3 | Marco | Rob, Steve  |
| Example of a small Tier 3 | SANDERS, David | Bob Clare |
| Example of a big Tier 3 | MANE, Poonam  | Bob Clare |
| Security: infrastructure, certificates and recommendations | Igor | Marco |
| Facility tour | Kevin | - |
| GUMS Install | Steve | Suchandra |
| Compute Element Install | Suchandra | Iwona |
| GUMS and CE installation wrap-up | - | - |
| Network performance - hands-on | Jason | Michael |
| Network performance - talks | Jason | Rob, Dan |
| Storage Elements Overview | Tanya | Marco |
| Distributed Xrootd | Derek | Tanya |
| BeStMan-gateway over local file systems | Tanya | Rob |
| BeStMan and Hadoop | Michael | Carl |
| SE installation wrap-up | - | - |
| CMSSW Install | GARTUNG, Patrick | Rob |
| Introduction to Phedex | ROSSMAN, Paul | Doug/Melina (Rob) |
| Central Phedex service for Tier 3 | JOHNSON, Kurtis | Paul Rossman, David Saltzberg |
| Phedex Install and Configuration | LUNDSTEDT, Carl | Doug/Melina (Rob) |
| Phedex Monitoring and Troubleshooting | LUNDSTEDT, Carl | Doug/Melina (Rob) |
| CRAB | VAANDERING, Eric | Kevin |

Talks are in the attachment table at the end of the page.

---+++ Facilities
Kevin and Paul are preparing the facility and conferencing:
   * presenters will be able to use 2 projectors (e.g. presentation, demo from their laptop)
   * remote attendees will be able to join plenaries or any of the 2 parallel sessions via EVO or phone (coordinates will be provided)

---+++ Contacts
If you need support you can contact me (Marco, marco@hep.uchicago.edu +1 773 834 6696).

For support/emergency in Nashville Kevin's phone number is +1 615 945 5566 (email klb@accre.vanderbilt.edu)

---++ Next meeting

OSG Site coordination meeting 
   * optional: workshop faculty are invited but not required to attend
   * Workshop attendees are invited to review workshop requirements and ask questions
   * Thursday 5/8 11am 
   * Phone: 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Adobe connect: http://osg.acrobat.com/osgsc100805/
   * agenda: SitesCoord100805

Next workshop preparation meeting
   * final check before the workshop
   * Friday, Aug 6, 2010, 3pm Central 
   * tel 1-605-475-4800, 883253#

-- Main.MarcoMambelli - 31 Jul 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="sec_talk_try3.pdf" attachment="sec_talk_try3.pdf" attr="" comment="Draft of the Security Talk" date="1280948562" path="sec_talk_try3.pdf" size="741667" stream="sec_talk_try3.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp18786" user="IgorSfiligoi" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="2010-08-osg-fundamentals-sk-edit2.ppt" attachment="2010-08-osg-fundamentals-sk-edit2.ppt" attr="" comment="OSG Fundamentals - Scot" date="1280968967" path="2010-08-osg-fundamentals-sk-edit2.ppt" size="808448" stream="2010-08-osg-fundamentals-sk-edit2.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp63681" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="xrootd_osg_site_admins_v2.pptx" attachment="xrootd_osg_site_admins_v2.pptx" attr="" comment="Distributed Xrootd - Derek" date="1280968999" path="xrootd_osg_site_admins_v2.pptx" size="272378" stream="xrootd_osg_site_admins_v2.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp63561" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="PoonamMane-Tier3-TTU.pdf" attachment="PoonamMane-Tier3-TTU.pdf" attr="" comment="Texas Tech University(TTU) big T3" date="1281451577" path="PoonamMane-Tier3-TTU.ppt" size="1134592" stream="PoonamMane-Tier3-TTU.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp46005" user="ManePoonam" version="8"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGSAW10-T3_Architecture.ppt" attachment="OSGSAW10-T3_Architecture.ppt" attr="" comment="rev2 100806" date="1281131228" path="OSGSAW10-T3_Architecture.ppt" size="706048" stream="OSGSAW10-T3_Architecture.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8959" user="MarcoMambelli" version="2"}%
