%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486490541" format="1.1" version="1.17"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! <nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Background
The next OSG site administrator's workshop will be held at the Vanderbilt University, August 10, 11 2010 in occasion of CMS Tier 3 workshop.  
The focus will be Tier 3s or small OSG clusters that have little resources but are interested in OSG services like CE and SE.
The focus is on *practical*, hands-on issues relating to OSG site administration.
   * Meeting homepage in OSG Indico system is [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=3429][here]]
   * Timetable [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=3429][agenda]]

---++ Organization

List of tutorials for workshop attendees: Trash.ReleaseDocumentationSiteAdminsWorkshopTutorialsAug10

Each hands-on session should have:
   * a section in that document specifying a brief introduction, the requirements (if there are extra requirements after the generic workshop requirements at the end of that page and repeated [[#General_requirements][below]]), a link to the hands-on tutorial page, optionally some reference page or other related documents.
   * a hands-on tutorial page. ReleaseDocumentation.HandsOn provides stylistic guidelines for the tutorial page. ReleaseDocumentation.TemplateHandsOn is a template and ReleaseDocumentation.ClientInstallationHandsOn is an example.

To check the schedule go to the [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=3429][agenda on Indico]]
%TWISTY{
mode="div"
showlink="Click here to expand the draft agenda in the twiki"
hidelink="Hide"
showimgleft="%ICONURLPATH{toggleopen-small}%"
hideimgleft="%ICONURLPATH{toggleclose-small}%"
}%
*August 10* morning - Session 1 - Introduction/talks
   1. Welcome 15"  - Kevin, Rob S, Dan F
   1. OSG Introduction 45" - Dan F, Marco                                                                             
      * Big picture 
      * What's in new release?                                                                                          
   1. Architecture of a Tier 3 60" - Marco
      * Site planning     
      * Choices for configuration 
      * Job workflow (how jobs are submitted and end up on your site)
      * Data flow 
      * RSV probes (what they are and how they work)
      * GIP, BDII                                                                                                       
   1. T3 site admin 15" - ssomeone coming anyway, Vanderbilt, TTU, Doug
      * Describe my site, any problems
   1. T3 site admin 15" -  someone coming anyway, someone new
      * Describe my site, any problems
   1. Security 15" - sec. team - Igor
   1. Certificates 15" - sec. team - Igor
   1. Hardware tour/viewing/discussion - Kevin

*August 10* afternoon - Session 2 - OSG handson
   1 Prerequisites - email them out Marco, Rob S
   1 CE install - Suchandra
   1 GUMS install - Steve Tim

*August 11* morning - Session 3 - OSG handson
   1 GUMS install - Steve Tim
   1 SE install (parallel sessions)
      A. Bestman/gateway - Tanya
      B. HADOOP - Brian B or Michael Thomas

*August 11* afternoon - Session 4 - CMS specific 
   * CMSSW: - Patrick Gartung
      * Hands-on: How to install CMSSW

    * Phedex - Talk: What is Phedex and how does it work - ?
      * differences between srm vs lcg tools                                                                               
      * FTS                                                                                                                
      * bandwidth issues                                                                                                   
      * DataSVC                                                                                                            
      * New phedex website
      * Previous talk at: http://indico.cern.ch/getFile.py/access?contribId=63&sessionId=1&resId=0&materialId=slides&confId=48781
      * Prerequisites: register in SiteDB, ?
      * Tutorials:<pre>Phedex introduction - Paul Rossmann (TBC)
Hands-on: Central phedex - Jon Bakken (?)
Hands-on: Installing phedex - Carl Lundstedt
Hands-on: Configuring phedex - Carl Lundstedt
</pre>

*August 12* morning - Session 5 - CMS specific                                                                                                
   * Phedex - Tutorials continued<pre>
Hands-on: Testing and troubleshooting - Carl Lundstedt
</pre>
   * CRAB: - Erik Vaandering
      * How to get your site to accept CRAB jobs
      * How to submit CRAB jobs from your site to other sites
      * OSG vs EGEE                                                                                                         
%ENDTWISTY% 


<!--
*Confirmed faculty:*
   * Tanya - storage
   * Igor Sfiligoi <sfiligoi@fnal.gov>  - security
   * Suchandra
   * Alain or Scot K
   * Steve Tim
   * Marco, Rob S, Dan F, Kevin B
-->

*Official agenda and registration* (TBD)
   * [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3429][indico here]]


*Previous hands-on workshops:*
   * SiteAdminsWorkshopAug2009 - @ GOC
   * SiteAdminsAtAllHands2009 - @ LIGO Observatory
   * SiteAdminsWorkshop2008 - @ SLAC

*Example hands-on documentation:*
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/HandsOn
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ClientInstallationHandsOn
 
---++ General requirements
<!--
   * All attendees should have laptops (wireless Internet access will be available). 
   * They should have a valid grid certificate for the OSG and have it loaded into their web browsers.   Information about certificates and how to obtain them is available [[Documentation.GetAccessToGrid][here]]. 
   * Install-fest attendees should have the necessary server(s) and host, and service certificates. 
   * Specific session requirements will be listed in the session descriptions below.
-->
   * All attendees should have laptops (wireless Internet access will be available). 
   * Attendees should already have a valid grid certificate. Information about certificates is available [[Documentation.GetAccessToGrid][here]].  
   * Attendees should install an OSG 1.2 Grid client ([[ReleaseDocumentation.ClientInstallationHandsOn][OSG client installation]]), specially if they plan to attend the Network session or to test grid resources.
   * Attendees will work with their own servers which should have pre-installed host and service certificates. 
   * GUMS and CE installations will require one server each (it can be the same if you are just testing) with a platform [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/requirements.html][supported by VDT]].  You will need admin (root) privileges.  

---++ Program discussion
Use the following sections for internal notes (for presenter/faculties, ...)


---++Program discussion phone meeting
Next Meeting:
   * SitesCoord100804
   * Wednesday 8/4, 2pm central
   * tel. 605-475-4800 883253# 

Old meetings:
   * Wednesday 7/28, 2pm central - minutes: SitesCoord100728
   * Tuesday 7/13, 2pm central -minutes: SitesCoord100713
   * Monday 6/28, 3pm central
   * Friday 6/18, 3pm central
   
Adobe connect information:
   * Getting started: https://admin.adobe.acrobat.com/_a227210/vqs-gettingstartedmeeting/

%BR%
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGmeetingMaps.pdf][OSGmeetingMaps.pdf]]: Vanderbilt's Map (airport directions and local map)
   * directions: [[%ATTACHURLPATH%/OSGmeetingMaps-001.png" alt="OSGmeetingMaps-001.png][airport directions]]
   * map: [[%ATTACHURLPATH%/OSGmeetingMaps-002.png" alt="OSGmeetingMaps-002.png][local map]]
<!--
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/OSGmeetingMaps-001.png" alt="OSGmeetingMaps-001.png" width='1024' height='768' />    
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/OSGmeetingMaps-002.png" alt="OSGmeetingMaps-002.png" width='1024' height='768' />    
-->

-- Main.MarcoMambelli - 15 Jun 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGmeetingMaps.pdf" attachment="OSGmeetingMaps.pdf" attr="" comment="Vanderbilt's Map" date="1278391067" path="OSGmeetingMaps.pdf" size="869924" stream="OSGmeetingMaps.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp6" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGmeetingMaps-001.png" attachment="OSGmeetingMaps-001.png" attr="" comment="directions" date="1278439173" path="OSGmeetingMaps-001.png" size="588734" stream="OSGmeetingMaps-001.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp222" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGmeetingMaps-002.png" attachment="OSGmeetingMaps-002.png" attr="" comment="map" date="1278439196" path="OSGmeetingMaps-002.png" size="844631" stream="OSGmeetingMaps-002.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp534" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
