%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarcoMambelli" date="1311135074" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! <nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Background
The next OSG site administrator's workshop will be held at the Texas Tech University, August 9, 10, 2010 followed by the CMS Tier 3 workshop, August 10 and 11.  
The focus will be on the migration to RPM packages.
The focus is on *practical*, hands-on issues relating to OSG site administration.
   * Meeting homepage in OSG Indico system is [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=4531][here]]
   * Timetable [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=4531][agenda]]

---++ Organization

List of tutorials for workshop attendees from last year ReleaseDocumentation.SiteAdminsWorkshopTutorialsAug10
New page coming soon.

Each hands-on session should have:
   * a section in that document specifying a brief introduction, the requirements (if there are extra requirements after the generic workshop requirements at the end of that page and repeated [[#General_requirements][below]]), a link to the hands-on tutorial page, optionally some reference page or other related documents.
   * a hands-on tutorial page. ReleaseDocumentation.HandsOn provides stylistic guidelines for the tutorial page. ReleaseDocumentation.TemplateHandsOn is a template and ReleaseDocumentation.ClientInstallationHandsOn is an example.


To check the schedule go to the [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=4531][agenda on Indico]]

Topics of interest for OSG
   * Expert session covering main sysadmin installations/configurations (CE, SE , GUMS)
   * Cluster management
   * Networking
   * Firewalls
   * Xrootd (distributed on Wide Area Network)
   * Hadoop
   * SRM Bestman2
   * Intro to Grid (Condor submit)
   * Monitoring jobs (how do you know if your job worked)
   * Campus Factory
   * HTPC (multicore jobs - how to setup an HTPC queue)
      * condor_submit
      * flags
   * using squid cache
   * using GPUs
   * Code submisssion 
   * Campus grid setup
   * Glidein WMS VO frontend


Topic of interest for CMS

Topic of interest for DOSAR

Other VOs?

Tutorial start page: SummerWorkshopTutorials2011

%TWISTY{
mode="div"
showlink="Click here to expand the draft agenda in the twiki"
hidelink="Hide"
showimgleft="%ICONURLPATH{toggleopen-small}%"
hideimgleft="%ICONURLPATH{toggleclose-small}%"
}%
This will become a rough schedule for the agenda. 

*August 9* morning - Session 1 - Introduction/talks
   1. Welcome 15"  - Alan, others
   1. OSG Introduction 45" - Alain                                                                            
      * Big picture 
      * What's in new release
      * RPM packages (community packaging)                                                                                          
   1. Architecture of a Tier 3 - Marco
      * Site planning    
      * Some HW suggestions (from Tier1/2) 
      * Choices for configuration 
      * Job workflow (how jobs are submitted and end up on your site)
      * Data flow 
      * other components
   1. Cluster management overview - Jason?                                 
*August 9* afternoon - Session 2 - OSG handson
   * Site Admin
      1. Network troubleshooting 1h - Jason
      1. KVM hands-on
      1. Storage overview - 15' Doug
      1. SE Install: BeStMan2 Hadoop - Doug
      1. 
   * User Forum
      1. Job submission overview 15' - Marco?
      1. Installing a Glidein WMS VO frontend - 1h Derek?
      1. Installing a Campus Factory - 1h Derek
      1. Tuning for HTPC submission, GPU, ... and using a single submit host
*August 10* morning - Session 3 - OSG handson
   * Site Admin
      1. Rocks hands-on 1h
      1. Puppets hands-on 1h - Jason/Suchandra/Aaron
      1. Install OSG using RPMs?
      1. Fault tolerant installations and vrtualization
      1. OSG installation tuning (CE/GUMS, ...)
   * User Forum
      1. Intro to Grid for users 
      1. Running your jobs on the Grid
      1. Security best practice
      1. 

*August 10* afternoon - Session 4 - VO specific  (CMS, DOSAR, ...)

*August 11* morning - Session 5 - VO specific (CMS, DOSAR, ...)                                                                               

%ENDTWISTY% 


*Confirmed faculty:*
   * Marco, Rob S, Dan F, Alan S 
   * Alain Roy

*Official agenda and registration* (TBD)
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=4531][indico here]]


*Previous hands-on workshops:*
   * ExpertsAtAllHands2011Planning @ BU
   * SiteAdminsWorkshopAug2010 - @ ACCRE - Vanderbilt
   * SiteAdminsWorkshopAug2009 - @ GOC
   * SiteAdminsAtAllHands2009 - @ LIGO Observatory
   * SiteAdminsWorkshop2008 - @ SLAC

*Example hands-on documentation:*
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/HandsOn
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ClientInstallationHandsOn
 
---++ General requirements
<!--
   * All attendees should have laptops (wireless Internet access will be available). 
   * They should have a valid grid certificate for the OSG and have it loaded into their web browsers.   Information about certificates and how to obtain them is available [[Documentation.GetAccessToGrid][here]]. 
   * Install-fest attendees should have the necessary server(s) and host, and service certificates. 
   * Specific session requirements will be listed in the session descriptions below.
-
   * All attendees should have laptops (wireless Internet access will be available). 
   * Attendees should already have a valid grid certificate. Information about certificates is available [[Documentation.GetAccessToGrid][here]].  
   * Attendees should install an OSG 1.2 Grid client ([[ReleaseDocumentation.ClientInstallationHandsOn][OSG client installation]]), specially if they plan to attend the Network session or to test grid resources.
   * Attendees will work with their own servers which should have pre-installed host and service certificates. 
   * GUMS and CE installations will require one server each (it can be the same if you are just testing) with a platform [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/requirements.html][supported by VDT]].  You will need admin (root) privileges.  
-->

---++ Program discussion
Use the following sections for internal notes (for presenter/faculties, ...)


---++Workshop planning - phone meeting
Next Meeting: Wednesday 6/29 - 10:30am Central
   * phone #: 1 866 740 1260
   * meeting ID: 8349885# 

Follow the minutes of previous planning meetings:

---+++ Wed 6/22

Organization commeetee:
Alan Sill <alan.sill@ttu.edu>, Christopher Cowden <cowden@highenergy.phys.ttu.edu>,  Joyce Norton <JOYCE.NORTON@ttu.edu>, Bettye Sanders <bettye.sanders@ttu.edu>, Marco Mambelli <marco@hep.uchicago.edu>, Rob Snihur <snihur@fnal.gov>, 
Dan Fraser <fraser@anl.gov>, Nural Akchurin <nural.akchurin@ttu.edu>

Attendees: Bettye, Chris, Rob, Marco

   * define room needs <pre>This is the current setup. It may change once we have a better idea of the topics and of the attendees
1 room 60 people Tue morning
2 rooms (40+20) Tue afternoon, Wed all day
1 room (30/40) Thu all day
</pre>
   * logistic 
      * Cris will provide a page hotel recommandation (for indico) 
      * Cris will provide a page with directions (for indico) 
      * Bettye will look into cost for rooms, meals/refreshments
         * there will be coffee breaks mid morning and mid afternoon
         * depending on the location lunch may have to be provided (simple buffet Tue/Wed, packed lunch Thu) 
      * Bettye/Chris will look into the cost for social dinner
         * UPDATE: social dinner will be on Tuesday evening 
      * payment (estimate amount, methods) 
         * usually payments cover the expenses 
         * on-site payment with check/cash (from email exchange with Chris)
   * twiki and indico
      * (this page) https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SiteCoordination/SummerWorkshop2011
      * https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=4531
   * Rob reviewed the lists of 
      * OSG topics 
      * VO topics (CMS, ...) 
   * experts to invite
      * start inviting some experts
      * list after getting feedback from the survey 



Adobe connect information:
   * Getting started: https://admin.adobe.acrobat.com/_a227210/vqs-gettingstartedmeeting/

%BR%



-- Main.MarcoMambelli - 14 Jun 2011
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_SummerWorkshop_2011_Preparations.xlsx][OSG_SummerWorkshop_2011_Preparations.xlsx]]: Alan spreadsheet

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_SummerWorkshop_2011_Preparations.xlsx" attachment="OSG_SummerWorkshop_2011_Preparations.xlsx" attr="" comment="Alan spreadsheet" date="1309361253" path="OSG SummerWorkshop 2011 Preparations.xlsx" size="13209" stream="OSG SummerWorkshop 2011 Preparations.xlsx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp14973" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
