%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1112901962" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Attending
 
---++Prior Meetings 

	* Home web for meeting minutes is MeetingMinutes  
	* Last week's meeting notes are at MinutesMarch31
	
---++Status of VOMS/prima and resulting schedule decisions

---++GT4 Grid FTP

	* Readiness and integration plan to be developed, GridFTP.

---++SRM Client Tools - submitted by Ruth

	* Readiness plan available for review at http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/SRMClientTools
---++ Site Reports

Status of installation of ITB release 0.1.4, ItbRel014.

	*  Florida
	*  Caltech
	*  IU 
	*  TT
	*  FSU
	*  Buffalo
	*  others

---++ Workshop for OSG release candidate

Initial planning for next week's release candidate preparation meeting, RelCan2005.
	


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 07 Apr 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

