%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985976" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%

---++Coordinates

Minutes of the Integration meeting
May 19, 2005

2:30pm Central

1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending
Rob, Alan, Marco, Greg, Horst, Karthik, Doug O, Dan Y, John W, Sudhir, Terrance, Gabriele, Xin, Leigh, Dane, Burt, Mark, Michael, Kent

---++Agenda
<pre>
1) Reports/news/issues from other Activities relevant to
   ITB:
   - Deployment
   - Provisioning
   - MIS
   - Accounting
   - Interoperabilty
   - Operations
2) Status of VDT 1.3.6
   GIP, VOMS interoperability update, ...
3) GridEx readiness and integration
4) Site state information in GridCat 
5) Monalisa issues
    - updates for logfile parsing   
    - new repository
    - continued problems with installation
6) VOMRS availability
7) Reports from participating ITB sites
   Each site should report its status on:
   - GUMS and PRIMA config and testing
   - Monalisa update
   - Other problems, concerns
   - Intentions for participation in ITB 0.1.6
     next week.
8) Reports from service or application validators
   - Anything new or of concern?
9) Anything from last week's meeting not covered here:
   http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MinutesMay12
10) Schedule
11) Action items
</pre>

---++Additions

---+++Dane
<pre>
a) configure-grid3.sh script
- Marco/Craig (?) offered to rewrite this to improve clarity and remove "in your face" Grid3-ism. Will/is this being done ?
- Question on whether/how to rewrite the "Configuring the Grid3 Information Provider" section since it seems to be more than an MDS configuration (particularly the use of grid3-info.conf which is wider than at least I understood).

b) site_verify.pl
- Craig had what I consider a good idea on how to modify the MonALISA testing section. Will/should this be done ?

Dane
</pre>

---+++Leigh's reply
<pre>
  I saw the emails and since I am the original author 
  am trying to update the script for the 2.4 version
  of the grid3-ip installation.

  One issue is that the configure_monalisa.sh script requires some of
   the same informaiton and it would be nice to have a shared configure
   file that is sourced between the scripts.

>
>b) site_verify.pl
>- Craig had what I consider a good idea on how to modify the MonALISA 
>testing section. Will/should this be done ?

   I am awaiting a newer version of site_verify.pl but am not sure
   of the feature set.
>
>Dane

  leigh
</pre>

---+++Alain

<pre>
At 01:48 PM 5/18/2005 -0500, Rob Gardner wrote:
>2) Status of VDT 1.3.6
>    GIP, VOMS interoperability update, ...

Unfortunately, I won't be able to attend the meeting. My sincere apologies. 
We are doing lots of interviews these days, and I have three back-to-back 
interviews on Thursday afternoon. The upside is that we will hopefully get 
a new VDT person out of this process.

I reported on the GIP and on Monalisa in separate emails.

About the VOMS interoperability update: Right now, VDT 1.3.6 contains VOMS 
1.4.1 "openssltest_2", which is identical to VOMS 1.4.1 (which is in VDT 
1.3.5) except that it has the necessary bug fix. So we are all set.

There is a chance we'll update to VOMS 1.5.0 if it's released Thursday. 
This is the version that will be adopted by LCG and EGEE. It *should* be 
perfectly compatible with VOMS 1.4.1, but it would be nice to upgrade to be 
certain. However, I don't know if VOMS 1.5.0 will be released in time or not.

After our nightly tests run tonight, I expect we'll talk to a few people 
about testing the VDT. We're more or less done, except for any needed bug 
fixes.

If people want to see the documentation on VDT 1.3.6 as it exists (it's in 
the process of being updated, but it's not bad), it's available at: http://www.cs.wisc.edu/vdt/releases/1.3.6/index.html

People may be particularly interested in the "what's new" list: http://www.cs.wisc.edu/vdt/releases/1.3.6/release.html

Any other questions? Send email or join the VDT office hour at 11:00am 
Central Time on Thursday. http://www.cs.wisc.edu/vdt/office-hours/index.html

</pre>

---++Reports or Issues from other Activities
   * Deployment & Provisioning -- curent schedule.  A queue of sites to deploy a release.  Expecting that the remaining core infrastructure needed will be available mid-next week.  Question as to whether we should OSG 0.2.0 should be based on ITB 0.1.5.  Concern is that we're developing congestion, and not keeping to the original plan. 
      * Core infrastructure needed: Monalisa and Gridcat.  Cache to point people to in order to install.
      * Will use current install directions for ITB.
      * Run the process with ITB 0.1.5.  Earlybirds - UCSD and SDSS then some others.
      * Waiting for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo information.  Leigh wants to contact the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo support center.  There is also the vo-admins@opensciencegrid.org list.
      * Target date for the main release of OSG 0.2.1
   * MIS
      * General consensus to rev GIP 1.2, available in pre-release of VDT 1.3.6.  Will test integration.
      * Configuration scripts for GIP - need a default that gets executed (target VDT 1.3.7).  GIP, ML, grid3-config, MDS config -- these all need to be consistent. 
      * MIS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo discussed; (production GridCat would use this)
      * and GridEx VO. Not an integration issue.
   * Accounting
      * Fixes to gatekeeper
      * Capabilty comparison for Monalisa and MDViewer. Analysis
   * Interoperabilty
      * Fred - too early - tests with GIP, Shoawen's group at UI.
   * Operations
      * Doug O - ticketing system. Problems from Fermigrid getting registered on GridCat. Failed to get note back from iGOC that site-verify had failed.  Monday meeting is where this can be discussed.  Lesson to carry forward for Operations. 

---++Status of VDT 1.3.6

See http://www.cs.wisc.edu/vdt/releases/1.3.6/release.html

---++Survey of Known Problems in ITB 0.1.5

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ItbRel015#Known_Problems

---++Grid Ex readiness and integration

In order to deploy Gid Ex on the ITB we needed a readiness plan and some additional VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo related work.

   * See the GridEx topic for readiness plan and background information, including detailed instructions for site admins to adjust queue priority settings for GridEx.
   * Needed to know which sites to debug, which not to bother with.  Solved with new state flag in GridCat.
   * Need to establish a GridEx VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo for the ITB, in order to distinguish GridEx backfill jobs from jobs coming from other applications. 
      * Create GridEx group using the iGOC VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS server. (done)
      * Obtain a GridEx certificate, insert into VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS. (Jeff Weber "GridEx")
      * New vo package needs to be created.
      * Create instructions for site and/or GUMS admins.
   * Site admins will have to do one of two things to support the GridEx:
      * GUMS-enabled sites: must contact your GUMS administrator.  See Appendix A of the GUMS admin page.
      * Traditional site (edg makegridmap sites): will need to download the new package (vo-0.1.6.pacman) and create an account.
   * Initial tests on IU sites have problems (Leigh and Jeff are working the issue).
   * When should we announce to site admins and GUMS admins that we should add the VO?  Expect to be able to finish this tomorrow.  Monday or Tuesday.

---++Site state information in GridCat 

Last week we asked Bockjoo to provide a site state flag, which is meant to provide a semaphore ("I'm alive, open for business", or "Don't bother") between the site admin and the ITB.
 
   * New release instance, http://gdsuf.phys.ufl.edu:8080/gridcat  (demo page)
   * In active sites are flagged with black dots.
   * Includes site admin comment.
   * As site gets installed, the default is active.
   * Available in the next MIS package 0.2.6rc2. Will put into ITB 0.1.6.
   * When will you make the switch? 

<pre>
Dear All,
We release GridCat 0.8.6. The purpose of this release is to provide a frozen version of gridcat instance for provisioning (OSG-0.1.6 and 
eventually OSG-0.2.0).

The only new feature is the grid site state bit
, active or inactive. So that GEx can know this site state. Because of this new feature, it is also possible for site admins to comment about 
the site status. Anything else is same as 0.8.5.

Gridcat page can be found from:
http://www.ivdgl.org/gridcat
GridCat 0.8.6 is tested for four days.
No life-threathening defect is found yet.
Demo gridcat page for this version can be found from : http://gdsuf.phys.ufl.edu:8080/gridcat

Thank you,
Bockjoo
</pre>


---++Monalisa issues

    - updates for logfile parsing   
    - new repository
    - continued problems with installation


   * From Iosif, http://pccil.cern.ch:8889/
   * Looks really good. 
   * Possible problem with GridEx accounting, due to spelling differences?  Is this just a display problem?  Account to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo user map (VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo to user map file, generated by GUMS or by default OSG config).  There are three spellings! GUMS needs both versions.  *This needs to be flagged in the GUMS admin pages - John W and Anne H are tracking this.*
   * Discussion of upgrade to fix VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo jobs.  We had asked all site admins to update. 
      * *ALL ITB SITE ADMINS ARE ASKED TO UPGRADE ML (SEE EMAIL FROM THIS WEEK)*
   * Leigh will have someone run the scripts, and report to osg-int.

<pre>

Hello

We have a new version of the MonALISA repository and
I would like to suggest to use it for the OSG .
A  test / demo  version using the OSG-ITB sites is now running at :

http://pccil.cern.ch:8889/

This repository  has a short history now ( it is a development system )

This new version has :

- dynamic maps with the possibility to zoom it to  any resolution
-  multiple filters in how sites are presented on the maps
-  more global views  for VO jobs and sites
-  an improved storage system
-  a new design of the web page

In this new version any new site, part in OSG-ITB will appear on the maps automatically and for this reason it is important that each site declares its coordinates correctly .

There are now OSG-ITB sites, outside the US:  in Brazil, Russia, Korea, 
Taiwan
Shall we start the repository by default with the US map or the World map ? We can change the defult  map very easily.

The Admin / Setup pages have the same user / password as on the grid3 
repository.

If you like this new version , I can replace the OSG-ITB repository with this version and  install it for the OSG  on the new serever at

Best Regards,
ioji

</pre>


---++VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS availability

See the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS readiness report (Tanya's report).  In use at Fermilab for management of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS services, as well as LCG/CERN. It will as well be connected to the CERN HR database.  VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS keeps persistent information about members; also track usage.  Helps with very large VOs. 

---++Reports from participating ITB sites
Each site should report its status on:
   1 GUMS and PRIMA config and testing
   1 Monalisa update
   1 Other problems, concerns
   1 Intentions for participation in ITB 0.1.6 next week

Reports:

   * Dan/Fermigrid - Prima already working with GUMS
   * Steve Timm - will install on his Fermilab sites
   * OU/Horst will work on GUMS 
   * UB - up and running.  GUMS - in planning. No ML. ITB 0.1.6.
   * BNL - will install 0.1.6. -
   * CIT - two machines are using the test GUMS server.
   * IU - will upgrade
   * UF-HPC - unknown
   * FNAL-Burt - will upgrade

International sites:

   * There have international sites installing. There was an installation question from a Taiwan site; uscms-ops@fnal.gov.

---++Reports from service or application validators

   * Anything new or of concern?

---++ Anything from last week's meeting not covered here:

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MinutesMay12

---++ ITB Schedule
   * May 23: VDT 1.3.6; ITB 0.1.6 begins
   * June 3 report from ITB 
   * June 6,7 is when migration to Grid3  

---++Action Items and Pending Issues

   * Freeze ITB 0.1.5 twiki documenation
   * Prepare ITB Release 0.1.6 release page, and associated packages.


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 19 May 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

