%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1118345854" format="1.0" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, June 9, 2005. 

	* Last meeting, MinutesJune2
	* MeetingMinutes

---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending


---++Agenda


	* Site Reports from ITB 0.1.6 installations
	* Configuration of the Generic Informaiton Provider
	* Issues with BDii
	* Other issues from the group
		* ITB 0.1.6 -> Release Candidate 0.2.1

---++Sites Installing ITB 0.1.6

	* IU - all went okay
	* OU - not here today
	* UB - not here today
	* BNL_OSG
	* CIT - Suresh; upgraded smoothly. Problems with mapping users pool.

---++ Action Items

	* Need to work on GIP config documentation.
	* CIT - to intall GIP.



*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.LeighGrund - 09 Jun 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

