%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1158871086" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, September 21, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesSep14
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Shaowen, Rob G, John W, Illya, Michael, Rob Q, Alain, Steve, Jim, Gabriele, Terrence, Burt

---++ Agenda
   * Monalisa, gridscan, plans - follow up (Rob Q, Michael)
   * srm client config - follow up (Rob Q)
   * NFS-lite - follow up (David)
   * CEMon issues - follow up
      * GIP wrapper script (Shaowen)
      * load results (Horst)
   * ITB 0.5.0 activities
   * AOB

Last week's meeting:
   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MinutesSep14

---++ Monalisa, VORS plans
   * Monalisa, gridscan, plans - follow up (Rob Q, Michael)
   * Met last friday.
   * Review what is being captured by Gridcat via MIS-CI; compare what is being captured by the GIP.
   * Not sure whether ML needs an additional module.
   * Proposal is to deprecate Gridcat and MIS-CI in ITB 0.5.1.
   * Michael is going to give John Roshek the schema, who will review.
   * The information will be covered by VORS/gridscan (and BDII) and Monalisa. 
   * Will provide some documentation on how.

---++ srm client config - Rob Q
   * srm v1 client config issues from two weeks ago.
   * The main issue was that Jerry G/ANL had was the DEBUG flag default, which is true.
   * Alain - the package is part of the VDT 1.3.11.  Plan is to recast 1.3.11 as 1.4.0, as a stable release.  Will change the debug setting.
   * Most issues Jerry had have gone away with 0.5.0.

---++ NFS-lite follow-up - David, Terrence
   * Have been experimenting with a wrapper that the job manager uses for the initial directory. 
   * 940 job validation test in progress - could have been some site-node-64bit issue.
   * Needs another ITB site with 32 bit worker nodes.
   * Terrence will restrict the nodes for ligo to 32bit machines.
   * Will place an NFS-lite guide into the Integration twiki web.
   * One issue is publishing the location of NFS-lite.  Terrence notes there are site-specific policy versus NFS-lite generic issues that need to be separated.
   * Need 'good user', and/or 'good patterns' for VO's running applications on OSG.
   * Should NFS-lite be the default?  What about other hacks into the Condor jobmanager, such as what is going on with Gratia.
      * What is the path for putting more permanent changes into the VDT?
      * Need to schedule into the VDT task list; if substantial, has to be prioritized by the OSG Exec team.  If its quick, just pass patch along to Alain. 
      * Question about how to implement depending on whether site wants it on as a default.
      * Externalize to a configure script to automate.
   * Is NFS-lite being pursued for a PBS scheduler?  Issue is how PBS handles proxies onto nodes.
   * Is there any issue on the horizon with =glexec=? None for now - will find out more after experience with a CDF CAF at UCSD.

---++ CEMon issues - follow up
   * Load results on headnodes - Horst reports the installation at OU is working well with little load following instructions on twiki:
      * Here are his CEMonHorst results.
      * *Question: does he have BDII on the same node?*
   * Re-examining the GIP wrapper script (Shaowen)
      * Recall John W's report of taking lots of hits against his LDAP server - from multiple probes.
      * Investigating load and exec time - 4 seconds was the best performance, and CEMon does this query every 10 minutes.
      * Some bottlenecks observed, though no changes were made.
      * Thinks direct queries against LDAP might speed things up.     
   * Freshness parameter mis-set?
   * John's GRIS server was getting hit by lots of sites.  His site is published to the LCG BDII.
   * Steve - following instructions of a CEMon on an 0.4.1 production gatekeeper  - finds not unreasonable load.

---++ ITB 0.5.0 activities
   * Work beginning on ITB 0.5.1
   * From Leigh,
<pre>
I am preparing 0.5.1 release which will:
   1) remove MIS-CI and provide forward capability for the env var from
      grid-site-state-info file:
      export grid_site_state_bit="1"
   2) pull from the newest VDT release 1.4.0 (small changes 
      from 1.3.11 but new versioning scheme
</pre>
   * Note - MIS-CI removed.
   * Will wait for VDT 1.4.0, so next week.
   * GridCat will still be able to do its tests and display its information.
   * VORS will be displaying visual results from site functional tests.

---++ AOB
   * None


*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 21 Sep 2006
