%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985976" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Integration meeting, Mar 16, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesMar16
   * Action items review from the VirtualWorkshopMar06
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++Attending
  Doug Olson, Kent Blackburn, Mark Green, Marty Dipple, Illya, Jeff Weber, David Meyers, Gregg Cross, Anand, Burt, John W., Rob q, Michael T.
  (others I did not catch please add yourself or email me )

---++Agenda
   * Action items review from the VirtualWorkshopMar06
      * =configure-osg.sh= discussion - changes be handled via docs. and in next version  
      * Need to clarify local storage attribute instructions and resolve ambiguities. (small working group needed) Steve Timm has token
      * Need to clear up worker node client instructions (need targeted group to work this out); also should be linked in with the OverviewGuide. - needs  work
      * Storage element update: Mark Green and Storage group working on defining RegDB attributes needed validations from SRM-TESTER version 1
      * Need to pare down the Monalisa ITB site list to only those active sites - done
      * Define what it takes to instantiate WS gram gatekeeper after installation. ; permissions problems ; Java errors ; - Burt will send out... (Alan, Brian, Burt) 
      * Need a WS VDT client ; no clean solution in current VDT. - 
      * Monalisa debugging - 
         * Current version of ML has bug for sites running Condor Quill for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo jobs. - Alian Roy proposed a shell script on the condor master to reforamt the output of condor commands to mimic non-quill output
         * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo_IO red for FLORIDA -  Need to create gridftp.log file so that VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo_IO works out of the box
      * GIP validation
         * http://grow.its.uiowa.edu/osg-gip/ITB.shtml
         * Sites are reporting the glue schema consistently;  need application testing USCMS CRAB using GLUE for submission
      * Run Gridex against the 13 validated sites.  Jeff will do tonight, preliminary report. going fine
         * problems with Uchicago site perhaps due to very low priority
         * problems at ouhep_itb
         * reworking submission side correcting problems

   * ITB 0.3.6 Application Validation, SiteValidationTableITB036
      * Need application testers to follow up. 
      * Not all sites are allowing all VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's this presents problems for application testers and is out of the model which
        has been setup for testing.
   * Documentation: [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/DocumentationTable036and037][Doc's list]] - no comments outside of action items
   * Provisioning - covered.
   * Condor version 6.7.17, distributed with the VDT 1.3.10a has security issue. Condor is redistrubuted by the client and the Managed-Fork
     osg packages. ( report from David Meyers )

-- Main.LeighGrund - 29 Mar 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%