%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010167" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, November 10, 2005.

   * Last meeting, MinutesNov10
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212
   * This weeks osg-int [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A0=osg-int&D=0&H=0&O=A&T=0][archive]]

---++ Attending

Kent, Greg, Rob, Horst, Burt, John, Michael, Michael, Razvan, Ransom, Murali, Bockjoo

---++ Agenda


   * Review and continue specification of the local storage requirements, LocalStorageRequirements.

   * WN-client package

   * New release with VDT 1.3.8 

   * AOB


---++ Local Storage

   * See LocalStorageRequirements
   * We discussed how each of the types are known to the jobs running on OSG.  Frank: would like a column for environment defintion.
   * The page is open to comments and fixes.
   * Question from Mike: what is the distinction between $APP and $DATA.  $APP is viewed as writeable by a limited number of users where $DATA would be read/write by many users.  Also, some sites like ucsd considers $DATA as a small, essentially unmanaged (module a policy) while the large scale space.


---++ New release with VDT 1.3.8

   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/office-hours/2005-11-17.html][Minutes]] from VDT meeting this morning indicate release of 1.3.8 in about 2 weeks, in time for the ITB workshop at Fermilab.
   * Prima for pre-web services will work, except on 64-bit platforms. It's not yet supported on 64-bit platforms.  Prima for web-services does not yet exist.
   * Will Monalisa be installed separately?  Consensus seems to be have it installed by default, but not configured.  But, we need to check to see if the automatic configruation is done.  From Alain, post meeting: __We configure Monalisa to the best of our ability, but we do not turn it on. We tell users in post-install/README what we configured, and how to change the configuration.__


---++ OSG-WN-Client Package

   * Minimal set of client tools: Globus and srm-cp clients.
   * What about Jobmon?  Is there interest from VOs other than CMS?  Would like to discuss at the f2f meeting. (Note - Jobmon is a way of poking at the job executable environment, availble from a remote client.)  Revisit at the f2f meeting.  
   * What about ldap search? (Available in grid-info-search.)
   * Certificates should be included.
   * Package will be self contained. 
   * This probably wouldn't be automated.  Some sites will want to install via a shared directory, others via Rocks. 
   * Advertised via $GRID environment.
   * The system admin will provision for accessibility of the user's proxy from the worker node, at descretion of the site admin (via modifications to the jobmanager.pm).
   * A generic site tester would be welcomed. Mike will check Jens for a script from VDS which does somethings like this.
   * Include in Mark's operations portal.

---++ OSG configure script

__From last meeting:__

   * =configure-osg.sh= asks the questions for the variables.  This would have have to be re-written (Leigh and Marco will collaborate).  What about unused (empty) variables?  Leave empty.

   * Need to locate the most up to date version of the configure-grid3 script - where is it maintained? iGOC most likely. 
   * Discussed including a keyword value "unavailable" for services not offerred at the site, to distinguish between misconfigurations.
   * Resultant file can be modified by site admins after installation.


---++ Validation

   * ValidationPage, in particular USCMS Daily validation of the ITB, [[http://www.uscms.org/SoftwareComputing/Grid/Validation/][here]].  Burt and John have setup a page to validate the production releases. For the ITB it is under production.

   * From John, http://home.fnal.gov/~weigand/osg/osg-030.html


---++ Face to Face Meeting

   * The ITB signed off on November 30, December 1 @ Fermilab


---++ ITB Installations as of last week (tbu: "to be udpated" during meeting)

   * Status of testbed installaions of ITB 0.3.0:
      * UC - [[http://pgl.uchicago.edu/twiki/bin/view/Tier2/DevITB][in progress]].  
      * IU - OSG 0.3.0-ws up, WS-GRAM working, MDS4 opened Bug [[http://bugzilla.globus.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=3856][3856]]. Resource is in  GridCat with the shortname of [[http://osg-itb.grid.iu.edu/index.php?view=sitename&whichmap=us&numentries=100&sortval=services&id=16][IUPUI]]
      * TTU - not here
      * UB - not here
      * BNL - not here: from Xin via email: _Yes, I have done the pacman install part on gridtest01, our new ITB GK. There was a problem in VDT that couldn't handle the globus user account home dir if it's on NFS (root squash), Alain said that will be fixed in VDT 1.3.8. We got around it yesterday and now I am about to configure it, but get distracted to many other things today..._
      * FNAL - no success - 
         * Burt was having problems with grid exerciser.  need to confirm with another site.  Alain consulted.  
         * John is having trouble with the configure monalisa script (this comes from VDT).  Alain is aware of this - needs a pretty big update - will be targeted for 1.3.8.  This was re-written to fit into the VDT environment better.  John has a URL describing the problem.  Some of this is VDT specific, not easily integrated back into VDT.  Iosif is helping, hope to provide a new version by tomorrow. 
      * IOWA - Have installed ITB release, and still have to configure Condor.  Could submit fork jobs just fine (pre-webservices version).  Hope to fix by end week. 
      * PU - was able to sort out issues with ws-gram not finding pbs logs.  Problem was with how local installation organizes its logfiles. Fixed with a symlink. Allow a site to designate a filename rather than a directory location (this is for ws-gram)?  Alain doesn't think its configurable at the moment (confirms later that the piece of gram that reads logfiles).  Submitting simple jobs from another box with gt4 client tools. Note - these are available separately in the VDT (for those that want to test).  Question comes up as to whether GridCat can develop a status check of these WS gatekeepers?  Suggestion is to whether this could be presented into the Discovery service.  (Aside - can the interface to the discovery service documented some place? Michael says is really meant as proof of concept rather than a designed interface for users. Can this be captured on a readiness plan? 
      * Caltech - Suresh is starting to work on upgrading their Opteron cluster.  Probably delayed till after SC05.
      * Kent - ligo will install after SC05.  Also want to upgrade with FC4.  (John is installing on FC4).  Alain - thought FC4 was already supported.  (Note will be trying to run on 0.3.0 sites.) Have tried on FSU.  Let Kent know when a site is ready, will send a LIGO application.
      * Horst - will also install when Panda work cools down.

   * Other comments - many of the questions are now gone.  Possible issue with Condor and Monalisa configuration. 



---++ AOB

   * 
-- Main.RobGardner - 17 Nov 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%