%META:TOPICINFO{author="LeighGrund" date="1123790450" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, August 11, 2005. 

	* Last meeting, MinutesAugust4
	* Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes


---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending

Alain Roy,  Doug Olson, Burt Holzman, Razan, Rob Quick, Xin
Steve timm, Micheal, Marco Marty, Greg, Ransom, Shoawen, ?, Saul

---++Issues from last meeting

	* The numbering policy. OSG ITB next release name?  (0.1.7)  (0.3.0)  (0.2.2) 
	* $APP, $DATA, $TMP, .. and all that
	 <a href="LocalStorageRequirements">Burt has Twiki-ized the proposal.</a>  People can feel free to comment and mark up.
	 come to some agreements: 
  
A. how to find out information from sites

  stated requirements:
  
	* Should a local callout be required?  Or a starting point for the local env. as config. 
		by the site
	* need jobs on the worker node needs to discover ( path differentiation )
	* teragrid uses workernode/profile.d/VO-env
	* other interoperbility requirements 
	* globus job manager should add the OSG env. and this could be pushed to the jobs 
	* effort for site admins.. configuration of the worker nodes 


	1. GridCat has incomplete or incorrect information
	1.  These env should be discoverable by applications currently
					source $GLOBUS_LOCATION/../monitoring/grid3-info.conf
			 This should / could sourced by the job-manager
	1. GIP ( next release ) 
	1. Application reads and writes its setup script.

---++++ Activity formed
	1. Alain Roy
	1. Ransom
	1. Saul
	1. Iwona
  
  Charged to bring the common envirnoment to the worker node in a consistent way.
  (using the globus-job-manager.conf or batch_manager.pm)


B.  minimal requirements for $APP and friends

	* $APP - where vos store the application
	* $DATA - update from local filesystem to local filesystem *OR* DRM/GSIFTP accessed by worker nodes
		* Dcache?  SRM? ( using local libraries )
		* must be "open read and write"
		* what are the requirements for a storage element?
	* $TMP (shared temp) -  24 hours local filesystem  (need to extent time to live in this area )
	* $TMP_WN  ( local temp ) - worker node location

 how can we define read/write access?
 Staging in/ Staging out should it be different?


---+++ GIP configuration updates 


 Shaowen and Leigh will work to put an package together for OSG ITB sites, to be included
  in the OSG ITB or next VDT release.


---+++ topics for next week


	* Fermilab VO: Steve Timm and Dan Yocum
	  * This is Fermigrid; VOMS 
	* MIS VO
	  * This is for the CI infrastructure - main customers are GridCat and ACDC. 
	* LIGO
	  * LIGO VOMS has been up for a month - we should start using it.
	* An email should be sent out describing how to to include these VOs. 
	* We need the authoritive list of VOs that are being supported.
	* Alan suggests adding a way of updating a component in the software cache in between releases.  Have a daily cron script update automatically, only for particular scripts.  Can this be handled in Pacman?  Saul thinks so.  Separate out a pacman cache that is more volatile, and updated regularly?

	* GT4 readiness
		* See the WSGramServiceReadinessPlan off the GlobusOSG page. VDT schedule?
	* Policy information
		* New activity forming for Policy.
		* Need to follow up on the short term publication proposal.
	* Addition of SRM client tools (srm-cp)
	* Update to the default GIP configuration (Ransom, Shoawen)


-- Main.LeighGrund - 11 Aug 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

