%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010168" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, September 15, 2005. 

   * Last meeting, MinutesSep8
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes


---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending

Leigh, Chris, Alan, Andrew, Marty, Doug, Rob, Rob, Fred, Ruth, Saul, Marco, Greg, Shaowen, Mark, Neha, David.

---++ News from other meetings

News from storage workshop at Jlab, from Ruth see below.

---++ Next Release ITB 0.3.0

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ItbRel030


---+++ SRM client

   * srmcp available in ITB cache.
   * Issue - java vs c++ interfaces - what's in VDT, whats in DRM (does it have a cli)?
   * CMS is interested in downloading this on ITB sites and utilizing.
   * Neha will update srm client tools pages.
   * Issue: certificate directory needs to be installed in worker nodes.  Significant issue that needs to be addressed as part of the 0.3.0 release.
   * See more SRMClientTools.

---+++ Core Services Discussion GT4

   * GT 4.0.1 on critical path.  Can't do much until VDT 1.3.7.
   * Ruth: from VDT meeting this morning, the report is "Still 3 weeks".  Issue is GT4 is not working, and 1.3.7 is less stable than in the past.
   * Some discussion of getting Globus directly. 
   * There is working going on with Clarens and trying to support both GT4 and Clarens web service containers.
   * JobMon and ExitMon on each site, should be a core service, which depends on Clarens.  Trash/Deployment decision depends on getting requirements coming by the first week of October.  Need VDT's full attention.
   * What about the authorization issues with WS gram? Not likely to get worked out (Alan).
   * What about a GT4 testbed, to help the readiness activity.
   * Main reason for doing this would be to remove the headnode bottleneck, and is working with Condorg.
   * CMS is prepared to contribute a site.
   * TTU would also be interested in particpating.
   * Purdue would contribute their ITB site.
   * Leigh will coordinate this, with the GT4 readiness, check with Stu and Mike Wilde.

---+++ Core Services MIS

   * GIP 1.2 issues - how will this be delivered? Open LDAP or BDII, MDS4?  On the site - BDII.
   * What about the Core MIS be delivered in time?  Just kicking off. 
   * What about BDII in VDT?  Or should it be in the OSG cache for 0.4.
   * Put this into the readiness plan for GIP, using BDII (Leigh). 

---+++ Core Services: Accounting
 
   * Expected for 0.4.  We should expect them to engage in about a month.
   * Discussing Client.

---+++ Core Services - Storage

   * Any sites or VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's interested in SRM-DRM?

---+++ Other things about the release

   * Core services, documentation, interfaces, common services that are VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo scoped.
   

---++ Followup on CE storage

with reference to the Activity being discussed on
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/LocalStorageRequirements

   * Was discussed at storage workshop this week.  Full report from Ruth below.
<pre>
Dear Rob

I would like to report from the OSG Storage Workshop that we do have  
engagement of the storage technical group, and indeed some effort  
identified - Timur Perelmutov - to work with Marco, Terrence and 
Burt  on this activity.

Of particiular interest for this group and activity is input from the  
storage and data service implementors that 2 variables be defined to  
differentiate between high performance Read and Write capabilities
 -  for those sites that support the high performance needed by 
particular  applications in "data intensive science". US CMS Pile 
Up and Analysis  applications are two such. The requirement remains 
that the  applications have access on the worker nodes to the local 
storage  element through  Posix I/O (actually Posix-I/O like which 
seems to mean  all but the most esoteric functions). This matches 
the EGEE  architecture also.

Thus the current input is (and of course the names are debatable)   
being brought into  the work of the CE Storage Activity is:

$SITE_READ visible to all WN’s, Read only data sets. ”posix”
$SITE_WRITE visible to all WN’s, read-write data sets “posix”
$APP -- files not installed by a job,
$WN_TMP -- programs and data installed by software distribution  mechisms.

It is clearly to be stated and recognised that many if not most 
sites  on OSG will not have  high performance I/O capabilities 
to the files in  their local SE. In these cases $SITE_READ and 
$SITE_WRITE will likely  refer to the same location.

We also discussed how to publish the protocols  and performance  
characteristics supported. Noone at the meeting knew their Glue 
Schema  well enough to know what attributes are already in the 
schema. That is  also work to be done - I don't know if it is 
regarded as within the  scope of the current activity.

The SRM Collaboration meeting is still going on at JLAB - 
people are  welcome to look at Don's report from the OSG Storage Day.

http://sdm.lbl.gov/srm-wg/meeting0509/OSG-Summary-SRM-meeting_don.pdf

Ruth

</pre>


---++ Other Trash/Integration Activities

   * In future, include here integration work that may be VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo specific against other resources in the ITB.




<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 15 Sep 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%