%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466109819" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Regular ITB meeting

---++Attending
Rob, Marco, Alain, Kent, Gabriele, Alan S, David Skinner, Doug, Jeff, Rob Q, David Meyers, John Weigand, Steve Timm, Michael Thomas, Eric, Ransom, Alan, Shaowen, Horst, Karthik, Burt

---++ Privilege Chain Validation (Gabriele)

Feeback given the the Privilege Project:

   * Memory management in the GUMS server - an old problem.
   * Understanding whether users are authorized: on purpose, or server being down?
   * Are updates with Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers happening properly.
   * Mail from OSG EB -- suggestion for on-going validation of the infrastructure. 
   * Hope to gather ideas, put up a plan for this.
   * Does the infrastructure have the minimal functionality, for validation.
   * At FNAL, there is the automatic program to deploy the GUMS infrastructure - cache consistency, etc.
   * Discussions with A. Roy -- tests at VDT of basic GUMS functionality. Job submission to a CE, prima+gums communication is actually happening correctly.
   * What about testing across different versions of the VDT?  Also, VDT does not always have the latest version deployed in Europe, eg.  How do we make sure GUMS+Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS versions are in sync, compatible.
   * What sample of data to be used to populate a test Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS?
   * Planning and undestanding phase, still.


How the ITB can help:

   * Trash/Deployment of services in the ITB, for testing.  Eg., install of a Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS server with well-defined "dataset".  Or, deploying a Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS on the fly.  (Start by-hand.)
   * Alan: question about by-hand steps post Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS installation for Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMSRS.  Should these be thought as a unit?   
   * Alain: used by Fermilab, but not others in OSG. Very useful for large VOs, with complicated structure (sub-VOs, roles). Not as useful for small VOs.
   * Can Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMSRS be useful to setup.


Next steps:

   * Complete planning - get an idea of the work involved.
   * Discuss again, poll for site involvement.


---++ CEMon, Resource Selection Service (Gabriele)
 
   * Resource selection service, now ready. See Trash/ResourceSelection.WebHome
   * Available in VDT 1.3.11.
   * Essentially ready to deploy in the ITB.  Have a machine at Fermilab.
   * Register with a central resource selection service at Fermilab.  Once in place, testing can begin.
   * Readiness plan exists: Trash/ResourceSelection.ServiceReadiness

How to get this into the ITB:

   * Ultimately needs to be part of the main OSG CE install guide.
   * Steve notes that CEmon configuration takes about 15 mins to config, validate.
   * Alain - will have one command, post install, done along with GIP configuurations (relies on this).
   * How to deploy and document, in advance of an ITB 0.5.0 release?  Can we do an intermediate release? (Since 0.6.0 timeframe of October.)

   * Action item - description of ITB supporting intermediate releases, to accommodate introduction/testing of new services.


---++ SRM-DRM (Ransom)

   * SRM-DRM now updated in VDT 1.3.11; 
   * Has not yet got srm-cp to work - will try with latest release.
   * Will be possible for other VOs to test against this.
   * Work will be delayed a little bit due to Ransom's matrimonial obligations.


---++ OSGEDU VO (Rob Q)

   * Discussions with Mike Wilde - summer workshop program wants to use the ITB and OSG 
   * OSGEDU Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo has already packaged it. Accounts would need to be created.
   * Can we get 4-5 sites to keep their ITB sites stable during the summer school workshop (week of June 26).
   * Need to identify sites involved in this challenge.
   * Heightened operational effort will be required during.
   * Rob will ciruculate request for participation.


---++ AOB

   * Mysql situation in VDT 1.3.11, Alain - updating to a new version, not in yet (focus is on new Globus release).

   * Trash/Deployment of 0.4.1: 
      * Been quiet since release
      * Steve thinks there may be something up with the GIP config, will send mail; has installed on three gatekeepers.

   * Next meeting: two weeks... 



<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 25 May 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%