%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010167" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, July 6, 2006

   * Last meeting: MinutesJune29
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

   * Leigh, Rob, David @ LIGO, Alain Roy, Kent, Alan, Michael, Doug, Horst, Karthick, Xin, Iowa, Burt, Zhivan, John W, (others I missed, apologies)

---++ Agenda

   * Carryover from last week's meeting - MinutesJune29
   * Continued planning for ITB 0.5.0, ItbRel050
   * AOB
     
---++ From last meeting

   * Release schedule for VDT 1.3.11, and VDT 1.3.12.  Goal for 1.3.11 was to support new things, not necessarily for OSG 0.6.0. They were, for 1.3.11 (see [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/office-hours/2006-06-29.html][office hour notes]]) :
      * New voms
      * New Globus release, closer to release used  by Teragrid.  Process has been more complicated than expected but converging rapidly.
      * New platform for LIGO: Fedora Core 4 for 64bit architectures.
      * Other Globus issues
         * Edge services timeline:  anything about Globus workspaces?  %RED% Will be on the list for VDT 1.3.12. %ENDCOLOR% 
         * Dynamic account creation is available, not clear if needed for support for workspaces.
      * %GREEN% Timeframe for 1.3.11: ASAP ~ 2 weeks. %ENDCOLOR%
   * OSG accounting - not in 1.3.11, expected for 1.3.12. %RED% Need to get early verion deployed for feedback. Expect iterations before OSG 0.6.0. %ENDCOLOR%
   * Squid - already in 1.3.11 - configured according to CDF suggestions.  Questions about how to deploy - %RED% unresolved %ENDCOLOR%.
   * CEMon - in VDT 1.3.11 right now.  Small bug to be fixed with new version, but workaround is in place. 
   * BDII - no one has formally requested it go into VDT so it hasn't been put in.  Waiting for recommendation from CMS. Might do it slightly differently than LCG (openldap dependence... bring with VDT so we know the version, eg.). 
      * Burt: happy with the performance of BDII configured this way (there has been a configuration change to decouple from MDS).  Hope was to propogate to Laurence.  Shoot for VDT 1.3.12 with Ransom's changes.
      * Recommendation for a VDT 1.3.11-based installation: use a recipe provided  by Burt to use a local ldap service. %RED% Get recipe from Burt %ENDCOLOR%.
      * Shaowen - can contribute more documentation if people have difficulty.  GIP - have received requests for changes, have incorpated into VDT 1.3.11 (all have been integrated).
      * Operations issue - Burt - should probably revisit the architecture which currently is flat.
      * Leigh - why not hit a bdii collector rather than the site-level bdii's?  Concern about a single point of failure expressed by LCG.
      * Note about information flow: there is an ldap index file that gets polled into a config file that LCG polls, which then goes to each of the sites.
      * How are sites enabled to be LCG-interoperable?  There is an OPS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo created for sites wishing to interoperate, a site supports this VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo and deploys the BDII server.
      * More about information flow: the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS information (GOCDB) is polled by an LCG script (from Laurence), config file is created and loaded into the CERN BDII server. Thats where your site shows up, and how an LCG RB finds your site.
      * Remaining question - %GREEN% how to find interoperable sites on LCG (the other direction) %ENDCOLOR%?
   * Discovery service - Michael. Instance setup at Caltech, publishing voms contact points, functional.  There is a script from VDT that can be used to query the service (since 1.3.7).  Site admin (GUMS service administrators) feedback is needed. Handy for GUMS admins for handling/creating templates.  Can use it to get a GUMS template dynamically.  Please can people inform their VOs about it; Michael will update the documentation. 
   * GT4 prima callout issues - John W has got it all to work, has it documented, and has workarounds for a 1.3.10 installation. %GREEN% For more info see http://home.fnal.gov/~weigand/globus-ws/notes.shtml. %ENDCOLOR%
   * =glexec= - still developing, %RED% timeframe is still "this summer" %ENDCOLOR%.
   * =uberftp= - needs to be added to the worker node client; from ATLAS. On track, %RED% put into the ITB 0.5.0 workernode client %ENDCOLOR%.
   * adding =wget= to compute element and workernode client package. Wait for it in VDT. Probably 1.3.12.  Day of work, gets it built for all OSG supported platforms.  Alain can do if demand is enough.  %RED% Need decision here for a day delay or note. %ENDCOLOR% 


---++ ITB 0.5.0

   * Release planning - ItbRel050
   * In terms of process, expect to receive guidance post next ETP meeting July 10.
   * Schedule to be firmed up after that.


---++ AOB

   * Discussed proposal to add a vds-verify method added to site verify script.  This would test out the VDS required functionality at installation time - =kickstart= and =transfer= vds methods. David will follow-up with the VDS team to get a prototype developed, then will work with Leigh to get it into site verify.  %RED% Follow-up weekly.%ENDCOLOR%

<pre>
Hi Leigh and Rob:

Here is an agenda item for possible inclusion in OSG 0.5.0

Addition of a vds verify method to the site_verify.pl script.

Purpose: Determine that the site admin has properly
               installed vds components: dirmanager, kickstart and transfer
               so that these components are visible on the worker nodes as
               part of a new installation of an OSG release.

Method:   Execute a simple test that creates a directory using dirmanager,
               transfers a file using the transfer component and runs a binary
               successfully using kickstart.  All of these tests to use the
               scheduled job manager to insure the tests run on a worker node.

David Meyers

</pre>


*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 05 Jul 2006


%STOPINCLUDE%