%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1249936998" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
 
   *  Andrew Baranovski
   *  Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth 
   *  Neha Sharma 
   *  Tanya Levshina

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache-server 1.9.2-10 testing status (Tanya)

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
I have released vdt-dcache 2.3.3 (dcache server 1.9.2-10 with srm database leak fix). I have tested it only on srm node - hopefully nothing else has changed. I will retest it with fresh install.

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
gPlazma status (Ted)

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted in contact with Sarah Williams , it looks like they have not experienced timeouts since the latest changes in configuration. 

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Remaining issues with vdt-dcache installation and configuration conversion script (Neha)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Neha has finished with all the fixes. Tanya has done fresh installation - it looks fine. Tanya will need to package tar with new dcache production release (1.9.3) and new gratia probe. After that Neha will try to do upgrade on gridwork cluster. We will ask somebody in ITB to test fresh install and upgrade.



---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Storage discovery tool (Ted)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Ted has dobe a quick demonstration of storage discovery tool. He will fix some minor problems and then will work on packaging. He will talk to Alain Roy to schedule the presentation on STG. He is in contact with Mats/SCEC so they should be able to start using the tool soon. One site is ready to offer them opportunistic storage, preparations are underway on several other sides.


---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
WBS for FY10 (Tanya)

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We have discussed WBS for FY10. In general everybody has agreed with list of tasks and assignments.


---++ Sixth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Hadoop upgrade (Andrew)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Andrew has installed the newest gridftp-hdfs and also enabled monitoring in hadoop. The hadoop monitoring home is at 

https://gw014k0.fnal.gov:8443/validation_tests 

under !BeStMan Tests.

---++ Seventh agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets (Neha )
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7302- dCache - Extending lifetime of SRM space token


Follow up in progress:

7305 - dCache - Finding standalone GridFTP install instructions

7306 - dCache - pool alive but not functional

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

7207- dCache - srm bug - escaping single quotes in user DN

6907 - dCache - gPlazma module in dcache-1.9.2-5

6813 - dCache - 1.9.2-5 upgrade- cell name missing in gridftp log

No update:

6422 - dCache - lcg-cp hung for 8+ hours

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed

6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5

6971- dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

7109 - dCache - authgrouplist_pkey exceptions in catalina.out

7206 - dCache - unclear error message when trying to remove non-existent file


---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 10 Aug 2009
