%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476804105" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%

---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Jeff Dost
   * Alain Roy
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina  

---++ Status report
Alex:<pre class="screen">
 - support on NERSC ATLAS T3 for FTS transfer timeout due to the long checksum calculation time
 - preparing a new VDT packaging for bestman2
 - support on US CMS T2 UF for transfer server selection plugin
 - support on overwrite option usage in srm-copy and investigation in overwrite flag in SRM interface
</pre> 
Doug:<pre class="screen">
- Hadoop: no progress
- xrootd: Created xrootdfs-configure RPM for xroodfs init scripts and configuration.  
  Still working on xrootd-dsi RPM
</pre>
Jeff:<pre class="screen">
Hadoop 0.20 RPMs
- discovered umask problem - an extra zero was in the umask field in the template core-site.xml.in.  
   Fixing this allows the hadoop client commands to work again but root still is unable to do anything
- still debugging why adding root as a hadoop supergroup does not give admin privilages to root user.  
   As soon as I figure it out I will build a new hadoop RPM with that and the umask fix.

Hadoop 0.20 Documentation
- began reformatting to follow installation template guidelines: 
     https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Storage/Hadoop20Installation
</pre>
Neha:<pre class="screen">
- Removed sqlalchemy references in gratia dcache probes. Finished its replacement with psycopg2. 
Tested that records are sent to collector. Modified startup script to use the psycopg which is bundled in probe itself instead of one manually installed.
- Figured out why stdout was being written to nohup.out on probe startup. Fixed it so it only contains stderr.
- In Gratia Probes SVN Repository - modified the Build scripts, spec file, README files to remove dependencies/references on SQLAlchemy and setup tools, 
modified the ProbeConfig template to get rid of deprecated variable SOAPHost. Committed changes in SVN.
- In VDT-dCache package: 
         modified top level installation script  to populate CollectorHost instead of SOAPHost
         modified gratia probe installation script to exclude gratia-probe-extra-libs-xxx-yyy 
- Updated GratiaDCacheProbes and DCache document on OSG Twiki - 
            https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/GratiaDcacheProbes
            https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/DCacheInstall
- Helped Igor in running stress tests against gridworks. Email exchanges. SRM Server restart.
</pre>

Tanya:<pre class="screen">
xrootd native packaging:
 - tested xrootdfs  & xrootdfs-configuration 3.0.3 release, created installation guide:
           https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/HowToInstallXrootdFS
worked with DES: provided python classes that use globusonline REST api
Tested Brian's fix for for gridftp-hdfs-dsi  (unable to perform ls on directory), looks like it now works but there are still problems with listing an empty directory.
Moved 80GB of data to Nebraska using globusonline, waiting for a new gridftp/hdfs service at Wisconsin in order to do Nebraska <-> Wisconsin transfer. It should be available on Monday.

started to test bestman2 2.0.10 server and client.

support
</pre>    

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Hadoop 0.20
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Jeff has solved umask problem but is still struggling with setting right permission for "root" user. He is hoping to wrap it up by the end of the week and release the new rpms. Tanya has asked to include bestman2 2.0.10 in test rpms (It is the same version that is tested for ITB right now). 

Jeff has done initial formatting of hadoop documentation but needs to have working rpms before he can start updating the content.

---++ Second agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dCache probe status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Probes are ready for testing. Tanya has asked to notify Philippe and Brian about all the changes that have been made for gratia libs and !ProbeConfig template.
Neha has modified twiki documentation already and this could be premature because we will not be releasing the version in production for sometime. She should keep the current production installation and add the section about the upcoming changes for ITB testers.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
xrootd
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
xrootdfs and xrootdfs configuration rpms have been released. Installation Guide is available [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/XrootdRPMPhase1][here]].
We have a positive feedback from Aaron van Meerteen (Atlas T3 admin at UChicago):

"I was able to use the VDT RPMs to successfully deploy xrootd to the storage nodes and redirector on the Trash/Tier3 here at UC."

We are still waiting for Doug Benjamin feedback.

Doug S has started to work on gridftp-dsi-xrootd rpm. The major showstopper is that libXrdPosixPreload library is not included in xrootd-libs source rpm built at CERN. We will contact Luckasz Janyst to resolve this problem.

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
IPv6 & !BeStMan
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
UNESP SE has [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=10252][a problem]] with bestman-gateway and IPv6 :

"Since the last update on !CentOS (from 5.5 to 5.6) the daemon only listen to IPv6 interface if any
present (including loopback). The workaround was disable *all* IPv6 support on this server."

At Fermilab we are running SLF release 5.5 with IPv6 enabled and don't see any problem with !BeStMan. The equivalent 5.6 of Scientific Linux is not out yet. 
Alex has mentioned that Michael Thomas has some problems with IPv6 as well and was able to solve them. Tanya will contact him to get details.
---++ Tickets
++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

10261- OSG Storage: Resource Specific Issue on SPRACE-SE

Old tickets
++++++++++++

No Update:

42 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Help with documentation and troubleshooting

10160 - OSG-Storage: Resource Specific Issue on T2_Nebraska_OSG

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 22 Apr 2011