%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1301588363" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%

---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Alain Roy
   * Neha Sharma
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Guests
   * Marco Mambelli
   * Suchandra Thapa

---++ Status report
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - bestman2 2.0.8 release
    minor update on fixed cached total space size associated with tokens in srmGetSpaceMetaData for external command
  - preparing a new VDT packaging for bestman2
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- xrootd: mock installed successfully and cern xrootd srpm built. (directions here: http://home.fnal.gov/~dstrain/mock.html)
- hadoop test stand: hadoop-0.20 but problems encountered.
- Pigeon tools: fixed Robert Engel's issues (no disk space plus crontab was modified incorrectly)
- Gratia (Public storage): no response from repeated inquiries to the grid accounting team :(
</pre>

Jeff:
<pre class="screen">
Hadoop 0.20 testing:
- I contacted Brian about the gridFTP segfault.  He said to be able to use the
grid-mapfile I must also move /etc/grid-security/gsi-authz.conf.  After I did that it
used the grid-mapfile correctly and no longer segfaulted.
- bestman2 client problems - when using srmcp the file successfully copies from hadoop
but it hangs after gridFTP transfer.  Using it to copy from local to hadoop gives Java
exceptions from the client side but no complaints from the bestman server side.  lcg-cp
does not have these problems.
- For this Brian asked I try using the same client with the unl srm.  I was unable to
since I am not a part of any VO so I registered with engage-ucsd group.
- once my VO registration goes through with Engage I'll try again
- I emailed a summary to Brian on all my testing issues
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
- built vdt-dcache-3.0.6 with dcache 1.9.5-25 (contains vulnerability fix). upgraded gridworks to it and tested. 
tested the gratia dcache storage/transfer probes aswell.
- released vdt-dcache-3.0.6
- worked on trying to execute sql query using sqlalchemy to see the difference in results. no luck.
- worked on vdt-support ticket #8795
- fielded question from tanya about gplazma support in new dcache
- forwarded jglobus update information to dmitry
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
meetings:
    with Alain, Chander, Dan - xrootd packaging req
    with Alain, Chander, Gabriele, Ruth - public storage

technical work:
     installed rpm (built from cern source rpm by Doug) and configured cluster on FermiCloud
         started testing (https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/XrootdRPMTestResults)
         contacted  Lukasz Janyst (CERN) to discuss some of the issues
     worked with Alain on summary for xrootd packaging requirements
     installed new bdm, ran the same tests as for globus.online
     submitted new tickets for SE_Nebraska_T2 and UFlorida-PG
     sys admin support 
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
BeStMan2 client in ITB
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Will be included in the next ITB release (in a couple of weeks). Srm-lbnl-client will still be used by default, user will need to execute additional setup command to have access to !BeStMan2 client. If this works ok we will hope to make !BeStman2 client as default but still allow user to switch to srm-lbnl-client.

---++ Second agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
hdfs 2.0

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Jeff is sick so we didn't discuss issues he has raised. Brian is working on some of the problem Jeff has mentioned. Doug has installed hdfs on gw nodes (all 32bit) but can not install gridftp (rpm doesn't exist). Brian is building it meanwhile Doug will find 64bit node on FermiCloud and install it there. He also have some issues with hdfs installation. We have agreed to have a meeting with Brian when he returns back from CERN (in a week).

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


---++ Fourth agend item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
%EDITTABLE{ header="| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |" format="| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |" changerows="on"}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 31 Mar 2011