%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1254957665" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski 
   *  Brian Bockelman
   *  Ted Hesselroth 
   *  Neha Sharma
   *  Abhishek Rana
   *  Tanya Levshina

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


Andrew:
<pre class='screen'>
worked on configuring and testing Hadoop quotas and "du" script for Hadoop
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class='screen'>

Made changes to caching code in response to STG testing of discovery tool. 
Found a issue with XML merge function, investigated, formulated solution. 
Made with STG a plan for next release: 
        add automatic update of cache
        allow file-based configuration of tool (especially BDII server
address)
        fix bug. 

Tool will then go to VDT test cache.

Got description of SCEC from Dan Katz -will put on SCEC OSG twiki page.
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class='screen'>
Tests suit re-design:
     Learning how to use Eclipse
     Deployed the UML plugin and worked on activity/class diagrams

Handled GOC tickets and users support
</pre>

Alex:
<pre class='screen'>

* Support
  - srm-copy usage for a recursive directory transfer on bestman full mode
  - transfer performance discussion on bestman full mode for STAR,
between BNL and NERSC
  - discussion on enforcement of static space token on bestman/hadoop
  - open ticket for srm-copy for handling a request with multiple files
that have the same source URLs and different target URLs - adding a new
use case is on the way in the next release.
  - srm daily test setup on srm://meson.fis.cinvestav.mx:8443/srm/v2/server
    and support for sudo configuration.

* bestman 2.2.1.3 release
   - re-packaging for rephrasing CHANGES logs on Tanya's recommendation
and sync timing to the release date

* bestman 2.2.1.3.1 release
   - fixed voms validation for glite, and verified at FZK
   - tested and pacakged
</pre>

Abhishek:
<pre class='screen'>
working on teststand for hadoop at UCSD
</pre>


Tanya
<pre class='screen'>
Meetings:
         STG meeting - storage discovery tools and vdt license 
         OSG Documentation meeting
         Storage documentation with  Jim Weichel
         Weekly status talk with Alain
         OSG coordinator meeting

  Email discussions:
        Xrootd/Xrootd-GridFTP/Xrootdfs month meeting
        ATLAS T3 meeting at Wisconsin planning
        Setting FY10 goals for OSG Storage group (fermi people)
        Hadoop and quotas for BeStMan static tokens
  
  Technical work:
        Investigate problems with access to our test stand installation by "cms user" reported by Rob Snihur 
        Continued work on thridparty transfer tests
        Reviewed  Jim's documentation layout proposal
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Hadoop quotas problems & "du" script (Andrew)

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Andrew has encountered several problems while setting quotas  in hadoop. Brian has asked him to create a test so it could be reproduced at Nebraska and reported to Hadoop developers if there is indeed a bug. Andrew has written a script that imitates "du", so it could be used by !BeStMan to report the available storage size for a particular static space token. Tanya will test it first and then will give it to Brian so it could be tested at Nebraska as well. 

Brian has reported some other problems with quotas (under rare circumstances renaming of the file could cause data lost).


---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Storage discovery tools

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted is working on bug fixes, will release soon to VDT test cache.

Brian has fully configured GIP at Nebraska, so the information about surl and local mapping could be extracted from BDII. Ted will test this with discovery tools first. If the results are positive we should notify LIGO so they can start testing as well.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

SCEC Status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Ted is still waiting from UFlorida to fully configure GIP.

From Mats:
<pre class='screen'>

I'm still trying to unpack the data. It takes about 24 hours, and I have
had a couple of false starts.
</pre>

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache release and ITB testing of our new update/installation procedure
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

dcache golden release is not ready yet - apparent problems with srm (deadlock under heavy load)

Steve Timm is doing the upgrade and will let us know if he found any problems with migration and upgrade. 


---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7592 - dCache/srm-copy - JAVA_HOME being set incorrectly

Follow up in progress:

7594 - Bestman/LBNL/srm-copy - Unable to transfer 2 files with same source url but different destination url

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7504 - dCache - Configuring space tokens at user account level instead of VO/Role

7571 - Bestman - GSIFTP timeout with srm-copy

7572 - Hadoop - Tuning Tips

Follow up in progress:

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed

No update:


7505/7574 - dCache - Site losing data due to files being marked as non-sticky 

7448 - dCache - Poor PNFS/Chimera performance on upgrade from 1.9.2-5 to 1.9.4.-x

7326 - dCache - misleading error message when using dccp to transfer  data

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 07 Oct 2009
