%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1265054107" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%

---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma

---+++ Guests
   * Chris Green


---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
Release documentation preparation and limited-scale scalability testing are ongoing at UCSD testbed. 

We are evaluating BestMan v2.2.1.3.8-2 for possible inclusion into the stable repository for Hadoop v1 release. It is currently in testing repository.

VDT repository at Wisconsin is in good shape, but may have a small change if BestMan transition is made. 

Documentation is expected to make VDT RPM/YUM install process more clear.
</pre>

Andrew:
<pre class="screen">

I have started working on Ted's "troubleshooting" tool proposal.

</pre>

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - lcg-cp hanging on non-existing files
  - support bestman full mode deployment on PDSF for NERSC HPSS access
as well as for usual disk accesses

* Release
  - working on bestman2 test and packaging


</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Wrote introduction section on top Storage twiki page. 
Began writing User top page section. 
Reviewed public storage requirements for SCEC, Fly's
Eye, and D0 and prepared request for storage from sites, and
announcement with initial discussion questions on storage appliance that
could be provided to sites. 

For discovery tool, modified mount_path query to support storage area 
ACBR and VO and VOMS prefixes (am modifying other query scripts now). 
Added code to format output in columnar format, and in html table format.

</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
o multiple attempts to generate OSG Storage ticket report. No success. (GOC ticket #8039) 

o helped steve with info provider issue on FGITBSE

o tickets
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
* Meetings:
    T3 meeting
    Discussed with ET  the best way to provide public storage for OSG VO, wrote summary
    Started to work with NEES to help them for dcache/enstore 
    Discussed FTS with John Bakken
    Contacted SCEC to get update on their status and plans
    

* Technical work:
   Releases dcache 2.4.6 to ITB
   Working with t3 CMS on hadoop teststand performance
   Prepared presentation for Area coordinators
   
</pre>


---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++
None

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7924 - OSG Storage: srmcp rsv probe: not working at se1.accre.vanderbilt.edu

Follow up in progress:

7955- OSG Storage: Xrootd: problem starting redirector using vdt-control

No update:

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

7956 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: OSG 1.2.5 xrootd data server log problem

7953 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Monitoring issue

7928 - OSG Storage: lcg-cp stalls on non existant file

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 01 Feb 2010