%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1280515947" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%

---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Doug Strain
   * Neha Sharma
   * Ted Hessleroth
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Guests
   * Karthik Arunachalam
   * Junmin Gu

---++ Status Report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Alex:
<pre class="screen">

* bestman2
  - jetty scalability and optimization
* Support
  - srmls timeout at OU

* release
  - bestman2 and bestman clients: New version 2.0.1 released.
   * bestman
   1. added a configure option for the max number of event log files
   configure --with-eventlog-num=<INT> 
   2. added a configure option for the max size of a event log file 
configure --with-eventlog-size=<INT>
   3. added an option for connector queue size
   configure --with-connector-queue-size=<INT>
   4. added an option for connection acceptor thread size
   configure --with-connection-acceptor-thread-size<INT>
   5. added MSS connection monitoring mechanism (Full mode only)
 
   * srm clients
   1. added support on the 3rd party trasnfers for multiple files in a
request
   2. added an option for http connection timeout in seconds
   -sethttptimeout : default is 600 seconds
   e.g. srm-copy ...  -sethttptimeout 1800

</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- Updated pigeon tools to use latest version of discovery tools
- Discussions about iRods.
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
support
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Worked with Pigeon tool and sent bug reports and suggestions to Doug
Strain. 
Started writing xquery to convert XML output of the tool to sql
commands for updating a database with the results. Started writing
wrapper shell scripts to call Pigeon and pipe its results into the
xquery engine.

Met with Chander Sehgal, Tanya Levshina, and Gabriele Garzoglio on
direction of iRODS investigation. 
Wrote requirements document for generic Public Storage Service. 
Made sequence diagram for Public Storage Service. 
Gave presentation on Use of iRODS in OSG to iRODS developers
and had discussion on public storage requirements and design constraints.

Wrote some test code for signing and verifying SOAP messages.
</pre>

Tanya
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
   Campus Grids Blueprint meeting
   Requirement for public storage discussion with Chander and others
   LIGO task force meeting
   Meeting with iRODS developers
   SiteAdmin workshop preparation meeting
   
Technical work:
   Discussed new features for  pigeon tools and discovery tools with Doug and Ted
   Investigated OUHEP problems
   Reviewed several storage docs, provided feedback
   Reviewed docs related to public storage requirements, design
   Discussed with Tier-2 CMS and Atlas storage administrators the topics for presentation on OSG Storage Forum
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
OUHEP_OSG problems
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
OUHEP_OSG site administrators (Horst and Karthink) have  reported multiple problems during the last week:
   1. Authorization failure for a particular user (could not reproduce for the time being) 
   1. FTS lcg-ls timeouts BNL-> OU (unsolved)
   1. BeStMan failure  (increased javaheap and #of threads)

OU is running !BeStMan-gateway/Lustre. FTS transfer request is setup to request adler32 checksum to be dynamically calculated, this is done on !BeStMan server and multiple simultaneous requests are causing a huge load on !BeStMan server. Actions:
   * Karthik will talk with Luster support to see if they are missing something in configuration
   * Tanya will talk to other ATLAS and CMS sites to see if anybody has experienced the same problems
 
---++ Second agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache 3.0.2
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We are waiting for Shuchandra confirmation to release this version in production. Gratia probes have been released. BNL and Fermi are encouraged to upgrade.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
pigeon tools status

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
   1. Changes suggested by Ted are in cvs
   1. Need to add an ability to execute commands with proxy located in non-default place (for LIGO)
   1. Have to finish work for porting pigeon tools as rsv probes

---++ Forth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
discovery tools status

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Tanya has requested the following new features to be added to discovery tools:
   1. add option to display storage element id in get_mount_path command
   1. display storage area size available  for a particular VO in  get_storage_element_id
---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
+++++++++
New tickets
+++++++++

Follow up in progress:

8961 - OSG Storage: Issues with Storage Element at HEP_OU 

8991 - OSG Storage: Third Party transfer at hepgrid uerj using srmcp

++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++

No update:

8800 - OSG Storage: Engage Access on MIT_CMS

8859 - OSG Storage: Engage Access on NWICG_NotreDame

8860 - OSG Storage: Engage Access on TTU-ANTAEUS

8801 - OSG Storage: Engage VO Access on Purdue-RCAC

8799 - OSG Storage: Engage Access on GLOW

8804 - OSG Storage: Engage VO access on UFlorida-PG

8853 - OSG Storage: vdt-dCache: 3.0.1 - PoolManager.conf and missing cellInfo.css file

8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package


---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 30 Jul 2010