%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1273765035" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Alex Sim
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Neha Sharma, Andrew Baranovski - apologies


---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - document review for bestman gateway
  - document review for bestman full mode
  - support on Haifeng's scalability test
  - irregular GUMS authorization exception at AGLT2 for srm testing
  - RSV integration support on SRM-Tester
</pre>

Andrew
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- RSV Probes: development finishing up.  
  Reports correct information on Bestman gateway, Bestman full-mode and dcache. 
  Also, does not litter filesystem with files (unless a failure interrupts in the middle). 
  Will package into VDT this week.
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
o brought up gridworks dcache with pnfs
o provided gridworks mem/hardware info to igor 
o couple of unsuccessful script based pnfs to chimera migration attempts on gridworks. investigating
o wrote chimera MIGRATION document
o tickets
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Reviewed DocHowTo for OSG documentation improvement project. 
Modified Storage for the Site Administrator document based on Tanya Levshina's review.

Made plan for first several releases of diagnostics tool.

Began study of IRODS. 
Installed IRODS and made local cache resource and remote gridftp resource linked in a resource group. 
Identified and started tabulating some of the issues of using IRODS in OSG. 
Studied LSST storage architecture and began designing IRODS-based workflow for LSST distortion simulation.
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
                  with Alain
                  with Ruth
                  Discussed IRODS contacts, mailing list, current status of srm driver
      Technical work:
                  Continued testing/modifying new xrootd configuration requested by ATLAS
                  Tested gratia xrootd transfer probe, found problems on SL4, notified developer
                  Continued working with Haifeng PI on BeStMan-gateway scalability test,
                  Built vdt-dcache 3.0.0 package, failed to install it on single node (SL5_64)
                  Investigated availability of sites with OSG_DATA > 600GB and outbound connections  
                    for WUSTL jobs
</pre>


---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

RSV probes
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

RSV tests (srm-client and tester) are running successfully against our teststand installation. The results could be seen at 
https://gw014k1.fnal.gov:9443/rsv/

Doug will finish with packaging soon. 

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Xrootd transfer probe
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Tanya has tried to install it on SL4. The installation failed so Brian will work with Scot (VDT) and try to understand how to fix it.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
IRODS evaluation

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted has installed IRODS and configured it with remote gridftp resource. He is using LSST use case to try to design a suitable workflow.. 
He is working on identification of the issues of using IRODS in OSG. 

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

8565 - OSG Storage: dCache: 1.9.5-15 Reconfiguration of Pool/Link

8566 - OSG Storage: dCache: Memory issues due to Large number of files on one pool


Follow up in progress:

8567 - OSG Storage: dCache: No space left on pool (metadata on pool node as well)


---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 13 May 2010
