%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1256222600" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski 
   *  Brian Bockelman
   *  Ted Hesselroth 
   *  Neha Sharma
   *  Tanya Levshina

---+++ Guests
   * Michael Thomas


---++ Status Report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
minor changes in "used bytes" script for hadoop
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Made error message and other output, file names, more clear for discovery tool. 
Updated docs. 
Added README and BSD license to package.
Analyzed problem with merge functionality of cache. 
     Fixed by adding sorting step before merge. 
     Added automatic cache update. 
Released version 0.8 to STG.

Got workflow description for SCEC. Will add to Twiki page.

Looked at info architectures of enterprise and information services.
Read Andrew's logging system proposal for OSG Storage.
</pre>

Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
- followed up on feedback received from steve w.r.t the new conf/upgrade procedure
- more work on the class diagram
- followed up on tickets
</pre>

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - added feature support in srm-copy for a use case handling a request
with multiple files that have the same source URLs and different target
URLs: Vanderbilt U. is provided with a package, and will be included in
the next release of lbnl srm client.
  - support for bestman plugin development for customized transfer selection
  - support for westgrid.ca user accessing bestman at SLAC - GSI problem
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
         OSG Documentation meeting
         Bi-Weekly status talk with Ruth
         Tier-3 coordinators meeting
         Meeting with xrootd developers
         Meet with Neha to discuss test suite re-design

  Email discussions:
        Problems with westgrid,ca at SLAC
        new GIP MountInfo parsing & LIGO
        ATLAS T3 meeting at Wisconsin planning
        dcache golden release status
        storage at UConn-OSG
        SCEC status
        
  Technical work:
        Review of GrdiFTP-standalone doc
        Finished work on thridparty transfer tests
        Investigated new GIP MountInfo and usability for LIGO
        Reconfigured BeStMan-HDFS to include static token, test Andrew's script
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
!BeStMan-gateway static space tokens and Hadoop quotas
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Tanya has configured !BeStMan-HDFS with static token and  tested Andrew's script that calculates used space. It seems that !BeStMan-gateway is working fine and one could use space token to write to a specific area in HDFS that has quota. It is weird that !BeStMan starts copy even if UnsedSpace is equal to 0 and copy failed during !GridFtp transfer. We have to discuss it with Alex.
The other encountered problem during the test was stake trace produced by hadoop client command due to permissions set for hadoop central log. Tanya has changed permissions for now.

Michael will package the script as a separate rpms. He also gave some advice how to reconfigure hadoop to disable client logging.
He has promised to add warning to documentation for !BeStMan installation from rpm. 

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Storage discovery tools
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted has finished fixes for cache update. He probably will have to redo MountInfo discovery. The software is ready for VDT test cache.
Suchandra has asked Ted to make presentation at some workshop. Ted will forward the details to the group.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
SCEC status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Mats is trying to untar files on Firefly for the second time(?).  The job  is still running after 23 hours. No news from UFlorida.

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache golden release
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
dcache 1.9.5-3 has been released, srm dead locking  problem has been resolved. We will have to start testing this release.

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets (Neha)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7626 - dCache - question about space sweeper

Follow up in progress:

7615 - Hadoop- EOF errors while doing third party transfer using srmcp/srm-copy

Need to follow up:

7627 - Bestman - Unable to authenticate certs issued by Westgrid CA (Canada)

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7594 - Bestman/LBNL/srm-copy - Unable to transfer 2 files with same source url but different destination url

Follow up in progress:

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed

No update:

7505/7574 - dCache - Site losing data due to files being marked as non-sticky 

7448 - dCache - Poor PNFS/Chimera performance on upgrade from 1.9.2-5 to 1.9.4.-x

7326 - dCache - misleading error message when using dccp to transfer  data

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5


---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 15 Oct 2009