%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dTanya_20Levshina_20508821" date="1294936481" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Jeff Dost
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Status report
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - support for STAR data delivery from PDSF to BNL via bestman full mode
  - Review for EMI SRM security documents
  - Follow-up for bestman licence with LBNL tech dept
  - Follow-up for the new releases for bestman and bestman2
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- RSV Probes: Submitted to ITB.  Horst reported an issue, Tanya reported an issue.
- Public Storage: Investigated hadoop probes, gratia configuration, and dcache probes.
</pre>

Jeff:
<pre class="screen">
Hadoop RPMs:
- successfully installed mash software on vdt repo machine.  This is
needed to create and copy rpms into the new Hadoop 0.20 rpm repository
release. Created http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/hadoop20/ to verify it works
- currently discussing with Michael and Brian how to layout the final
directory structure
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
SEValidation Package
- Implemented new features/fixes for UI
ITB Testing
- Waiting on response from testers regarding dCache upgrade/fresh install (FermiGrid ITB SE) status
support 
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
   vacation 1/3-1/7
   meeting with Alain
   notified Site Admins about BeStMan2 release
   worked with Haifeng on BeStMan2 stress testing with SAML and XACML 
   installed/tested new rsv/pigeon packages from ITB, discussed problems with Doug
   srm-copy performance testing: srm-client-lbnl vs bestman2 client
   investigated xrootd gratia probes problems
   working on pluging existing tests into se validation package
</pre>
---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Hadoop rpms
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Jeff  has installed mash to install and copy rpms on vdt repo node. He is still working on hadoop rpms.  !BeStMan and related packages will be updated next. Jeff has gridftp (with gridmap file) working with hdfs on his teststand. He failed to get the right mapping with UCSD GUMS. He will start working on documentation this week.

---++ Second agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
RSV storage probe and Pigeon tools
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
RSV and Pigeon have been released to ITB. Horst has reported problem with storage rsv probes due to java version mixed up. Scot is working on fixing it. Tanya has installed and tested rsv/pigeon. She has found the following problems:

   1. simple gridftp test is executed against all SE, should be performed only against Classic SE
   1. ping test for dcache shows "success" even when the version number of dcache is not returned. This is an indication of authorization failure.
   1. the output is ordered by SRM host name and not by Site Name  
   1. in some tests, "ping" test is missing and the first test is "put"

Doug will look into all the problems. 
---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Suchandra  has done fresh install of ITB dcache, we are waiting for result  upgrade We can release this version in production when ITB testing is done. Neha will start working on dCache 1.9.10.
The dCache team has provided the fixes for pnfsDump problem on 64-bit node and asked Will Maier to try a new version in test environment. 

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Xrootd
---+++ Discussion
Tim(VDT) is working on rpms for new xrootd release. We need a new version in pacman cache as well. We have to implement changes in xrootd configuration. Doug should be able to help VDT team with that.

Xrootd gratia probes are failing with gratia 1.06.16b-1 common libraries. Tanya has notified Brian and Phillipe and will create VDT ticket. We should ask to be notified when common libraries are changed even if probes code remains the same.  

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
BeStMan2
---+++ Discussion
We have notified site administrators about !BeStMan to !BeStMan2 transition. We need to work with ITB to package !BeStMan2 the same way as !BeStMan is packaged (include prima, transfer probes etc). Also, the changes are need in OSG client and WN client.

---++ Sixth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

Closed:

26 - OSG Storage: dcap: Error 666 messages when opening a file on dCache

++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

24 - OSG Storage: dCache: pnfsDump-1.0.21-1 rpm not working with 1.9.5-8

No update:

20 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Defective Credential Error

9073 - OSG Storage:  Summary of bestman-g issues/requests from US ATLAS

8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package


%ENDSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 13 Jan 2011
