%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985966" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
 <!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> 
   * Andrew Baranovski 
   * Brian Bockelman 
   * Ted Hesselroth 
   * Abhishek Rana 
   * Neha Sharma 
   * Alex Sim 
   * Tanya Levshina 

---++ Agenda items
 <!-- DESCRIPTION -->

<br /><br />1. D0 storage utilization status:<br /> Purdue again had major problem with dcache during weekend. We do not have enough information to<br /> investigate. We didn&rsquo;t receive any requests for help either.<br /><br /> Andrew was not able to modify D0 workflow to make it work with MIT (behind firewall). So apparently MIT <br /> storage will not be used by D0.<br /> <br /> Andrew is wrapping up his effort to help D0, so Joel should send email to osg-storage or create GOC ticket if <br /> he wants our team to investigate any problems.<br /><br />2. BeStMan-gateway/xrootd efforts.<br /> Tanya is wrapping up installation/configuration/initial testing of all the components<br /> <br /> We are waiting for information about test stand from M. Ernst <br /><br /> Alain has put all the components but gridftp+dsi into VDT, we are also waiting for developers to provide <br /> some of the documentation that should be included into distribution<br /><br />3. SBGrid problems:<br /> We have discussed SBGrid problems. We don&rsquo;t have a good understanding of their setting and the response <br /> time to our questions was pretty slow so far. Abhishek is going to organize team of experts that will try to <br /> speed up the process and help SBGrid to fix their problems.<br /><br />4. Gratia transfer probes:<br /> Brian has agreed to change gratia transfer probe code that will allow to limit the number of initial information <br /> it sends to gratia on startup. Currently if the timestamp of the last communication with gratia is absent probe <br /> sends all the transfers that are present in database (could be million of records). New vdt-dache will be <br /> released as soon as this is done and tested.<br /><br />5. FAQ for storage:<br /> Alex is maintaining FAQ for BeStMan<br /> We will start FAQ for dcache. Neha & Tanya will select what questions should be included for time being. The <br /> questions about space management information in admin, private/public host ip setup, symlink in dache <br /> seem to be good candidates.<br /><br />6. Proposed change in vdt-dcache:<br /> Brian has proposed to set PermissionHandlerDataSource in the setup files of any gridftp door to avoid race <br /> condition described by Charles Waldman. We will include it into next release.<br /><br />7. OSG extension work: Ted is wrapping up the gplazma work, it should be included in dcache 1.0.9<br /><br />8.Tickets:<br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />New tickets <br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />Closed:<br />5541 - Discrepancy in Link Group and Space Reservation Numbers<br />5543 - Question about SRM Reservations and Link Groups<br /><br />Follow up in progress:<br />5542 - Directory creation unreliable using gridftp door<br /><br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />Old tickets <br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />Closed:<br />5489 - srmGet not working for D0 VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo against Purdue SE<br /><br />Follow up in progress:<br />5402 - srmcp, srmping failure against BestMan SE<br /><br />No update:<br />5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server<br />5448 - gridftp door returning private ip address at Caltech

---++ Created by:
 <!-- Paste your signature (below) here --> -- Main.TanyaLevshina - 03 Oct 2008