%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1223057313" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
 <!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> 
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim
   * Rob Quick
   * Tanya Levshina

---++ Agenda items
 <!-- DESCRIPTION -->

1. The Dynamic Megatable and Space Usage monitoring project. <br />         Brian provided brief overview of the project that is started by several groups within WLCG. The goal of the project is to puto publish information for management and VO administrators with a view of the installed capacity and resource usage by the VOs at sites, storage partitioning etc. Brian is planning to attend meetings and will report the requirements (what storage information should be provided by various storage systems, e.g dcache, BeStMan,..) and the usability of the developed tools for OSG. We have discussed the relevance of Andrew's dashboard prototype to this project. It looks like that his approach could be used to achieve this project goals.<br /><br />    2. Storage GIP for BeStMan<br />       Alex and Brian have started working on including into GIP missing BeStMan information. Tanya suggested that this should have high priority. There are numerous sites (10?) that are using BeStMan. They will not able to advertise their storage correctly. The fix should be included into vdt release and we will ask these sites to do an upgrade.<br /> <br />    3. Issues (if any) with D0 utilization of OSG storage<br />        Andrew did presentation about D0 usage patterns of OSG opportunistic storage for CMS. UCSD (CMS) has promised to allocate some storage for D0. <br />        D0 processing issue: time discrepancy between d0 node and some dcache pool node caused job failures.<br /> <br />    4. GIP validation/client for storage advertising<br />        Have discussed the necessity of gip validation. Tanya promised to send the problems she has found to Brian.<br />        Tanya is starting to work on the primitive client to display storage information in human readable format. It is  <br />        not a real solution and we have to see if the Megatable project solves this problem.<br /> <br />    5. Tickets<br />        Discussed with Rob if we have to open GOC ticket when the problem has been reported by a user and we have opened the ticket in dcache for that problem. Rob said that all problems reported by users should be in GOC.<br /><br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />New tickets <br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />Follow up in progress:<br />5204 - srmcp issues - java.io.exception and requirement of 4 slashes<br />5203 - parameters mentioned in config.xml ignored by srmclients<br />5202 - srmcp returns java.io.exception<br /><br /><br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />Old tickets<br />++++++++++++++++++++++++<br />Closed:<br />4472 - Unable to retrieve files using srmcp (dCache 1.7) immediately, once it has been copied (#2473).<br /><br />Follow up in progress:<br />4100-4115 - dCache gsidcap authorization bug (#2169). <br /><br />No update: <br />5043 - Unable to unmount PNFS on Scientific Linux Fermi 5.1 node<br /><br /><br />    6. vdt 2.2.7 release and new 1.15p8<br />        vdt 2.27(dcache 1.15p7) is released as RC2. 1.15p8 has a bug in dcache installation script. The new patch with the fix should be released tomorrow.<br />    <br />     7. AOB<br />          Ted is working on OSG Storage Extension tactical plan, he will circulate it soon. 

---++ Created by:
 <!-- Paste your signature (below) here --> -- Main.TanyaLevshina - 03 Oct 2008