%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1258657544" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski 
   * Brian Bockelman 
   * Ted Hesselroth 
   * Abhishek Rana 
   * Neha Sharma 
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Alex Sim - SC




---+++ Guests
   * Igor Sfiligoi

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
 
(a) More machines are being added to testbed, to extend it from 2 data 
nodes to ~20 nodes. This will enable evaluation of scalability. 
Features/functionality evaluation on wide matrix of OS platforms can 
be done on VMs - still to be planned.

(b) Preparation to host a full YUM repository is in progress. This 
will be used to make stable golden releases of OSG Hadoop RPMs. 

(c) Release documentation may be based on YUM deployment method.
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
  modified README UPGRADE. added addnewparams.sh , 
  newparams.conf. these were needed to add 2 new params to existing siteinfo.conf file
 
   upgraded gridworks to 1.9.5-8 and validated the upgrade

  fixed the issue with validate script in latest vdt-dcache package

  followed up and maintained osg storage tickets
</pre>

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - recursive directory copying with srm-copy at NERSC for STAR
  - planning to add a feature - transfer server selection based on
storage location : timeline TBD
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
          meeting with Brian to discuss detailed requirements for public storage availability
          storage documentation meeting
          meeting with Dan and Marco to discuss T3 documentation
          T3 meeting
          STG meeting - software acceptance requirements, OIM 
Support:
            GOC #ticket 7615 - mulitple problems with srm copy 
               (failure to accept grid  RFC 3820 proxy  by BeStMan and dcache without providing any reasonable error; 
                srm-copy requires additional / in TURL when token to GrdiFTP directly) 

  Technical work:
        Restarted tests after KVM updates:
         * Could not reproduced xrootdfs/xrootd problem we have seen before, discussed with developers
           xrootdfs/xrootd workflow
         * Asked Rob to restart PhEDEx test
        Worked on OSG storage documentation proposal, reviewed existing twiki pages relate to storage 
        Released vdt-dcache 2.4.3 (dcache server 1.9.5-9)
        Found problem with bestman proxy caching - notified developers
        Tested changes in config.ini/configure_osg provided by Suchandra, found several problems  - should be fixed in couple of weeks
        Wrote Bestman-gateway documentation for T3 that incorporate the change configuration procedure
        Reviewed Brian's document about public storage availability 
</pre>
---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Status of storage scalability & performance testing (Igor)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Igor:
<pre class="screen">
* preparing the test pool
   I will be sharing with Abhishek, so refer to him for details
* Haifeng has done a bunch of tests on Hadoop and this is about to be published as a IEEE paper
* Haifeng is supposed to do further tests, but he is currently busy with SC09
* We are working on a scalability testing framework, that will allow us to better automate the testing procedure 
</pre>
Igor  is still working on questionnaire and probably  will send it to  major VOs after they have test framework ready.
Abhishek is ready to take over integration yum repository and start installation testing and documentation update as soon as 
he verifies that the release is ready for production the repository will be moved to VDT. We need to discuss it with Alain the schedule.

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dCache storage Probe (Andrew, Brian)

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Andrew has finished re-write of dcache storage probe that is now talking to Information Provider (so no need for passwords in probe configuration file to access admin interface). In his test  probe is querying information from production USCMS Tier-1 IP and sends it to itb collector. Brian has confirmed that information seems to be reasonable. Will need to get rpms from Brian in order to generate Gratia storage probe report and see if it is ok.
Andrew has checked in storage probe to Gratia probe SVN. The same needs to be done with dcache transfer and gridftp transfer probes (they are currently in Fermilab cvs).
Andrew and Brain will start working on documentation pretty soon. 

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
ITB status (Tanya)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
vdt-dcache has been released, Bockjoo reported some problems, it looks like not all the changes has been submitted to cvs before tarball has built. We will have to rebuild and re-test fresh install. Neha will do that.

Storage configuration is now included in config.ini/configure osg , it is ready for Bestman-gateway/xrootdfs/xrootd setup. Tanya have found some problems - Suchandra is working on fixing them

New released xrootd (11/3/2009) can not be built with current version of !XrootdFS, so the test release needs to be postpone until  Wei fixes  !XrootdFS.

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
STAF/STAX presentation (Ted)

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We are searching for a suitable test framework. Ted has proposed to evaluate STAF and presented [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Storage/MeetingMinutes2009Nov18/staf-stax.ppt][the overview]]. 

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets (Neha)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

7752 - OSG Storage: dCache: "PERMISSION_HANDLER_DATA_SOURCE" bug in the validate script

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7448 - dCache - Poor PNFS/Chimera performance on upgrade from 1.9.2-5 to 1.9.4.-x

7699 - OSG-Storage: Bestman->dCache: "failed to get initial request status" error

No update:

7326 - dCache - misleading error message when using dccp to transfer  data

6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed


---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 19 Nov 2009

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="staf-stax.ppt" attachment="staf-stax.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1258657229" path="staf-stax.ppt" size="235520" stream="staf-stax.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp5807" user="TanyaLevshina" version="1"}%
