%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1231446180" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Abhishek Rana
   * Tanya Levshina

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Status of storage tools
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Abhishek is ready to release a new version of tools. He is waiting for Brian to send him the latest fixes. The release will be ready within this month.
Discussed the best way to release tools within  VDT framework:

   1. For time being decided to release within vdt-dcache because of the following reasons:
      a. all current tools are for dcache, so it is logical to release them with dcache vdt cache
      a. the tool kit is packaged as rpms, so it will require min work  to incorporate them into vdt-dcache installation procedure because it deals with rpms already
      a. most of tools may be used only by storage admin
   1.  All new tools relevant to BeStMan should be packaged under common VDT infrastracture
   1. If we decide to move dcache to common VDT infrastructure we will move tools as well 
---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Status of gratia probes
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Brain said that it looks like the problem he has found was fixed by Andrew. He would like to have officially build rpms in order to test it. Tanya will talk to Andrew and Chris.  After the test we should request to include into next VDT release this new version.

Brian wrote some classes that allow to extract information from dcache Information Provider to GIP, he will share his code, so we can used it while updating dcache storage probe (it should talk to InformationProvide too).
---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Status VOs usage of OSG storage 
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Abhishek reported that D0 is continuing to use opportunistic storage and everything is setup for CDF. CDF has not started yet.
It looks like it is little progress with LIGO and SBGrid so far.

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
BeStMan/Xrootd in VDT
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Tanya is working on one-node installation requested by Alain for VDT nightly test. Should be ready this week. 

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache 1.9.2, gplazma testing with SCAS
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

dcache release is almost ready (note that it was "almost" ready for the last month), Ted will talk to Oscar to figure out why tests with SCAS stopped working

---++ Sixth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++ New tickets ++++++++++++++++++++++++

#### Kentucky - problem mounting pnfs. Appears mount command incorrect, suggested as per dcache start script.

++++++++++++++++++++++++ Old tickets ++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

#### - Space reservations not working at Purdue. Fixed with LinkGroupAuthorization entry.

Follow up in progress: 5957 - dCap stalls on read operations. Patch needs to be reviewed.

6024 - srm->srm srmcp failure

5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server. An email thread has started on how best to implement it.

6088 - dc_write: mover did not FIN the data block: Neha has asked Vladimir for help.

6090 - how to remove tag from directory and repair incorrect tag. Neha will ask Vladimir.

6091 - failure when trying to transfer data from dcache to bestman based SE.

No update:

5542 - Directory creation unreliable using gridftp door. Neha needs to change vdt install scripts.




---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 08 Jan 2009
