%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dTanya_20Levshina_20508821" date="1291304701" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%

---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Jeff Dost
   * Neha Sharma
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Guests
   * Gabriele Garzoglio
   * Alain Roy
   * Chander Sehgal

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
  - support for STAR data delivery from PDSF to BNL via bestman full mode
  - support for "srm-copy -f" for LIGO case
  - EMI AHM SRM security draft follow-up
  - bestman and lbnl srm-clients-2 release 2.2.1.3.17
  - bestman2 2.0.4
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- RSV: Completed and awaiting VDT testing.  Pigeon tools also finished.
- Documentation: RSV documentation still pending.
- GlueX: BDII tool worked, but discovery tools are still failing.
</pre>

Jeff:
<pre class="screen">
- contacted Abhishek to obtain his rsync script used for updating the
vdt repository
- currently debugging why my initial hadoop test setup namenode is failing
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
-worked on se validation package. got past the usual exceptions.
-sent mail requesting gplazma conf info to all OSG SE admins
-meeting with tanya
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
        doc telecon
        area coordinators 
        LIGO task force 
        with Alain
        with Neha
        discussed LIGO issues with Alex and Brian
Tech. work:
   tested BeStMan2 client and server  2.0.4 , recommended for ITB release
   tested -connectiontime options for "srm-copy -f", found apparent bug, reported to developers
   tested --concurrency option for "srm-copy -f", discussed LIGO problems with swapping
   worked on exercises  Grid School , get login at UNSEP, testing the exercises. 
   
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
LIGO Binary Inspiral issues
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
During the LIGO task force meeting it was reported that the submission node has experienced heavy swapping during file transfers and even though the test dataset was successfully transferred to several OSG sites the process doesn't seem reliable.  Tanya has started to do some testing to understand memory issues. During the testing it was discovered that srm-client exits on its own if the duration of the transfer exceed 30 minutes (--connectiontimeout default). The developers are looking into the problems. We will try to have daily meeting with Britta until we were able to understand the issues and make the transfer workflow more reliable.  Tanya and Doug would ask for login on the LIGO submission node.


---++ Second agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Hadoop rpms
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Jeff have discussed hadoop rpms release process with Michael Thomas and Alain Roy. He has also contacted Abhishek to get access to rsync script  that was used to synchronized vdt rpm repository with Caltech rpms. The small test stand is now functional at UCSD (hdfs (two namenodes) and two data servers). Jeff will work on bestman, gridftp rpms installation as soon as he gets more nodes. Tanya has asked about the process of bestman rpms release (itb version bestman  2.2.1.3.16, bestman2 2.0.3, 2.2.1.3.17, 2.0.4 will be released to itb soon  ). Jeff will figure it out and let us know.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
RSV & storage

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Most of the problems are fixed. Doug has proposed some work around to display Site Name on the status web page instead of the host name. Alain said that he came up with a different approach and hoped that it would be in upcoming ITB release. Doug will need to work with Scot on RSV documentation for storage probes.

---++ Forth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
!GlueX discovery tools problem 

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Richard Jones can not use discovery tools on his submission node. Doug has access now to the node and was able to reproduce this problem.  The node is !CentOS 5.2(?). Alain said that we can try to use one of the vdt built nodes to check if we can reproduce the problem there. Doug will ask for Ted's help if he can not solve the problem quickly. 

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
vdt-dcache status

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
vdt-dcache 3.0.4( 1.9.5-23 server) is released to ITB. Dcache developers are notified us that they are working on gPlazma rewrite and asked for  information about !gPlazma usage on OSG. Neha is gathering requested information.

---++ Sixth  agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

None

++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++

Closed:
9406 - OSG Storage: Bestman2: Memory issues using XACML interface

Follow up in progress:

9142 - Resource Specific Issue on UConn-OSG_SE

9563 - OSG Storage: SRM Clients Interoperability

No update:

20 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Defective Credential Error

22 - OSG Storage: srm-copy: Incorrect failure exit code generated with "-f command -3partycopy" options

9073 - OSG Storage:  Summary of bestman-g issues/requests from US ATLAS

8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 02 Dec 2010
