%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1247258278" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   *  Andrew Baranovski
   *  Ted Hesselroth
   *  Neha Sharma 
   *  Tanya Levshina
   *  Alex Sim (report)
   *  Brian Bockelman (apologies) 

---+++ Guests
   * Sarah Williams


---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
gPlazma problems at UC
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Sarah have done the following:
"useGPlazmaAuthorizationModule=true
useGPlazmaAuthorizationCell=false
and
xacml-vo-mapping="OFF"
saml-vo-mapping="ON"
kpwd="OFF"
grid-mapfile="OFF"
gplazmalite-vorole-mapping="OFF"

and

set printout default 2

I let it run for 10 minutes. During this time, all auth failed.  I've put the log file online at:
http://www.mwt2.org/~sarah/sample.out

Load remained <4 during the test, and no significant cpu was used"

Next test:

change gPlazmaRequestTimeout    (in gPlazma.batch) from 3 seconds to 3 minutes

do extensive testing on gwdca test cluster



---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
VDT-dCache release status

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Neha is working on conversion script that can transfer old configuration into a new format. She will also implement the requests from storage admins:
   1.  allow to specify alternative path of logs files
   1. add node name to the log

Tanya will test installation , upgrade as soon as the scripts are ready. Chris has mentioned that new gratia-common libs are available. 

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Lustre installation
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Neha will try to install Lustre on couple of gw0 nodes

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Alex's report
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

"bestman is in stable release for OSG 1.2 (VDT 2.0).
there will be a minor update for user requested features after OSG 1.2
integration activity is done"


---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

7162 - Bestman - Help with setting up xrootd pool

Closed:
7167 - Bestman - error during srm-copy

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7111 - Hadoop - Not able to download hadoop from UNL cache

7110 - dCache - Reconciling pools and PNFS after discovery

7009- Bestman Gateway Xrootd on SL5

6968 - Bestman - Removal of non-empty directory Xrootdfs/Xrootd



Follow up in progress:

7109 - dCache - authgrouplist_pkey exceptions in catalina.out

7112- dCache/Bestman - Using hostcerts for SRMs

6907 - dCache - gPlazma module in dcache-1.9.2-5

6971- dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

6941 - Trouble enabling VOMS Validation


No update:

6422 - dCache - lcg-cp hung for 8+ hours

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed

6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5

6813 - dCache - 1.9.2-5 upgrade- cell name missing in gridftp log




%ENDSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 10 Jul 2009
