%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1247773376" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   *  Andrew Baranovski
   *  Ted Hesselroth
   *  Neha Sharma 
   *  Tanya Levshina


---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Status of vdt-dcache packaging

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Neha is working on configuration conversion script. Should be done by the end of this week. Tanya has started to test the new package and have found several problems.
They should be fixed this week as well. We will need to include new pnfs rpm and gratia libs. It is unclear what version of dcache we have to include 1.9.3 is not marked as production.
We will have to discuss it with developers.

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
gPlazma status

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
According to Ted UChicago problems have been solved with increase of gPlazma/GUMS timeouts.  Tanya has observed very weird behavior of gPlzama with xacml plugin -  authorization is performed for all group/roles that are listed in GUMS but not in storage_authz.db (no caching), this could significantly increase load.


---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Hadoop upgrade
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Andrew will install the newest version of Hadoop. The performance of gridfrp-hdfs service is really bad and we know that it was significantly improved several month ago.
He will also check if now hadoop components could start/stop with vdt-control.

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Discussion of scalability problems reported in STEP09 talks

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We know that dCache developers are working on improving scalability: delegation service, srm load balancing, async ls etc.  Similar work is taking place for BeStMan. We will need to monitor the progress. 

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

7206 - dCache - unclear error message when trying to remove non-existent file
7207- dCache - srm bug - escaping single quotes in user DN
7208 - dCache - gridftp timeout after one hour

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
+++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7112- dCache/Bestman - Using hostcerts for SRMs

Follow up in progress:

7162 - Bestman - Help with setting up xrootd pool

6907 - dCache - gPlazma module in dcache-1.9.2-5

6941 - Trouble enabling VOMS Validation

No update:

6422 - dCache - lcg-cp hung for 8+ hours

6967/7010 - dCache - File replicas not being removed

6908 - dCache - log4j errors when restarting dcache 1.9.2-5

6813 - dCache - 1.9.2-5 upgrade- cell name missing in gridftp log

6971- dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

7109 - dCache - authgrouplist_pkey exceptions in catalina.out

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 16 Jul 2009
