%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1227135924" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Tanya Levshina


---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
D0 Status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
D0 is submitting jobs to UNL:
<br/>
1 day plots http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot1day.html
<br/>
2 day plots http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot2days.html
<br/>
4 day plots http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot4days.html

<br/>
The problems at MSU have been fixed; Neha will  contact sys admin for details


Discussed the distribution of  fermi srm client via ups/upd. The current client is very old . Tanya will talk with Timur about upgrade.
---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Gratia dcache transfer probe
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Chris and Brian have finished with testing. Tanya has updated README (gratia tables have been changed). Neha will build rpms for SL4,5 -32/64. This should be included in the next vdt release and tested on gridwork. 

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Gratia griftp probes

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Andrew has created rpm  - ready for testing

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

dcache release
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
need to wait for 1.9.2 to test gPlazma<br/>
will fix some bugs in install script<br/>
modify install script to add PermissionHandlerDataSource  option to grdiftp batch <br/>
have to decide about release # (2.3.0?)</br>

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Sys Admin Workshop at SLAC
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
It went pretty successfully about 10 people attended BeStMan session, several people installed BeStMan-gateway, one person successfully installed BeStMan-gateway/Xrootd, other person didn't have time to finish whole installation - fuse installation took a lot of time.
2 sys admins attended dcache session, Tanya had demonstrated how install dcache on one node and there was a general discussion about dcache new features and hardware.

---++ Sixth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++
<br/>
Closed:<br/>
6025 - directory ownership when creating directory using srmmkdir<br/>

<br/>
Follow up in progress:<br/>
6024 - srm->srm srmcp failure<br/>
6026 - Inconsistent state of PNFS<br/>

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++<br/>
Follow up in progress: <br/>
5901 - rmdir fails to delete empty directory in PNFS<br/>
5957 - dCap stalls on read operations<br/>
5954 - Files being marked as cached instead of precious<br/>

No update:<br/>
5401 - lcg-cp not accepting service certificate for srm server<br/>
5542 - Directory creation unreliable using gridftp door<br/>


<br/>
Neha will try to create a Footprint report related to dcache GOC tickets  for operation meeting
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 19 Nov 2008
