%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dTanya_20Levshina_20508821" date="1296754811" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

Meeting was canceled due to snowstorm in Chicago:

<img src="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Storage/MeetingMinutes2011Feb02/chicago2011storm.001.jpg" border="10" height=400 align=left> 


---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - support for STAR data delivery from PDSF to BNL via bestman full mode
    for the completed 15,600 jobs (89.4% efficient), which 
    produced ~10TB data, 3M events from ~465,000 hours cpu at PDSF/NERSC
  - Follow-up with EMI SRM security discussion items
  - Working on source release of the bestman2 pkg
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- RSV/Pigeon: Still in ITB cycle.  Pending some gratia changes.  
      Looks to be released soon.
- Documentation: Pigeon RSV done, pending release.  
              RSV Storage probes: reviewed, but Neha had problems testing.  
               Still in progress.
- Hadoop Hands on: Successful completion (including fuse).  
              Modified twiki page to include additions/corrections.  Anyone reviews?
</pre>

Jeff:
<pre class="screen">
Hadoop RPMS:
- requested michael to copy bestman rpms to testing yum repository. 
He copied over bestman-2.2.1.3.18-1.el5.noarch.rpm and bestman2-2.0.5-1.noarch.rpm but not 2.2.1.3.16 or 2.0.3. 
 I asked why those didn't make it and am waiting for a response.

AHM tutorial:
- reviewed Hadoop install tutorial and sent Doug a summary of issues I encountered for reference

Documentation:
- opened GOC ticket for twiki authorization problem, and it is resolved. 
  It says I am logged in as a guest user but I can still edit as JeffDost.  This is a known bug but won't affect editing.

</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
    doc telecon
    meeting with Alain
    LIGO task force meeting
   AHM preparation meeting
   meeting with Tony Tiradani (GIP & storage configuration doc) 

   reviewed RSV33StorageProbes document (second round), provided feedback  
   investigated LIGO problems at UFlorida
   tested xrootd with  FRM (CMS demonstrator type of config) following 
        developers' advice
    discussed changes in ComputeElementInstallation doc
   modified several classes in se validation test suites, done some testing
</pre>

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 03 Feb 2011

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="chicago2011storm.001.jpg" attachment="chicago2011storm.001.jpg" attr="" comment="chicago storm 2011" date="1296745200" path="chicago2011storm.001.jpg" size="48121" stream="chicago2011storm.001.jpg" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp31296" user="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dTanya_20Levshina_20508821" version="1"}%
