%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026265" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Ted Hessleroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim
   * Tanya Levshina

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
Due to problems with codeforge used by LBNL, there was a mismatch of 
packages  in  the previous version 2.2.1.3.8. We are now going to test newer 
version of Bestman 2.2.1.3.10  

Installation of 2.2.1.3.10 and basic ping, ls, copy work. Stability evaluation 
at UCSD is set to start.

We have moved 2.2.1.3.10 into Stable Repository, and are going to include it 
in OSG-Hadoop v1.

UCSD Testbed is 1.4 TB, and will be extended to ~7 TB. 1 namenode, 1 SRM, 1 GridFTP 
and 3 to 15 data nodes (two 32 bit, others 64 bit).

YUM repository for OSG-Hadoop v1 is near final -
http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/hadoop/ or http://vdt.opensciencegrid.org/hadoop/

</pre>

Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
Working on dcache storage probe
Reviewed Ted's Troubleshooting Tools proposal
</pre>

Alex:
<pre class="screen">

* Support
  - Troubleshooting on two IP addresses problem at Caltech
  - Feature addition to support two IP addresses on a machine
  - cert renewal for daily srm-tester monitoring

* Release
  - working on bestman2 test and packaging
  - working on lbnl srm clients for dependent lib updates

</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
o installed/tested vdt-dcache-SL4_32-2.4.7.tar.gz on gridworks couple of times
o installed/tested vdt-dcache-SL4_32-2.4.8 on gwdca04
o built gratia transfer and storage probe rpms from source rpm versions 1.06.15c and 1.06.15d 
o modified addnewparams.conf, siteinfo.conf, install_gratia_probes.sh, validate.py to add support for 2 new params for gratia storage probe
o modified install_gratia_probes.sh script to not check for indexes when node is srm node and install gratia-probe-services rpm
o meeting with tanya/chris/andrew to discuss gratia storage probe
o sent tanya info on pnfs location for 'nees' on public dcache
o sent osg-storage ticket GOC report to tanya 
o tickets
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
For OSG Discovery Tool, modified all queries to search on VOMS role as
well as VO. 
Added capability for searching on multiple attributes of the
same name in the same element, which ldap allows but xml does not. 
Added query to show OSG software version per cluster and site. 
Added similar query to show operating system version. 
Added capability to produce columnar and html table output. 
Added support for quote-delimited parameters. 
Fixed parsing problem when union operator is used in xquery.

Discussed SCEC storage needs with Gaurang Mehta and Mats Rynge. 
U of Florida will offer resources for them to expand from their current runs
at Omaha.
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
         status meeting with Alain
         bi-weekly meeting with Ruth
         meeting with SCEC
         CMS T2 meeting - public storage discussion
         monthly meeting with Xrootd developers

Technical work:
        Preparing for storage presentation for staff report on OSG council
        Preparing for blueprint meeting
        Investigated problems related to dcache storage probe, build vdt-dcache 2.4.7,2.4.8
        Tested new lcg-utils
        Investigated problems with  dcache/enstore configuration for NEES
        Working with Rob on CMS t3 tests 
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Public storage
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Fly's Eye - work has not been  started yet. Chris has necessary information.

SCEC - meeting with Gaurang, continued negotiation with U Florida

Public Storage discussion with CMS T2: not a lot of enthusiasm from site admins for getting a new storage depot, more positive response for adding new disks or srm server to existing SE. 


---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache storage probe
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ready for testing. Discussed how to streamline process of releasing the probes. Andrew, for sure, should be able to have "production" environment on his computer in order to test.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
DMS discussion 
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We are getting more question from VOs how to do managed file transfers. It looks like FTS is too heavy for what people need, RFT seems to be better solution but is not supported by Globus anymore. Should we look at PhedEx and see if it could be used in general case?

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

8067 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Installation on host with 2 interfaces

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7924 - OSG Storage: srmcp rsv probe: not working at se1.accre.vanderbilt.edu

Follow up in progress:

7955- OSG Storage: Xrootd: problem starting redirector using vdt-control

No update:

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

7956 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: OSG 1.2.5 xrootd data server log problem

7953 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Monitoring issue
7928 - OSG Storage: lcg-cp stalls on non existant file

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 05 Feb 2010