%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1282329416" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Tanya Levshina
   * guest - Robert Engel

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - bestman2 scalability
  - bestman and public storage
  - lcg-cp gsiftp transfer timeout
  - srm tester dailiy test support for FNAL test instance
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- RSV Pigeon:  Finished development and committed into svn for VDT.  
- Pigeon tools: Created a new test (globus_job_run) that cleans up globus_url_copy-ed files for classic SEs
- iRods/public-storage: investigated Bestman's gsiftp plugin system (still in progress)
</pre>


Neha:
<pre class="screen">
- sevalidation testsuite - got one client command to work through the interface. now working on other commands.
- report - not having access to my personal laptop (gone to repair) which has the right links cached in browser, 
did not have any luck generating the report so far. created ticket with goc, 
called goc , browsed through the osg twiki etc but did not find any link that lets me generate/view report related to osg-storage.
 waiting to hear back from goc soon.
-support
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Finished new discovery tool command to show storage area information for multiple VOs.
 The new command could be used as part of a Public Storage tool for the production coordinator to register sites. 
Responded to LIGO comments of Public Storage requirements. 
Communicated with Alex Sim about using Bestman plugin architecture for transfer coordination. 
Got code for Bestman SRM reference implementation. Held discussions on Public Storage design with OSG Storage 
and began high level design document.
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
      with Ruth, Brian, Chander
      with Alain
      data telecon
      public storage design

Technical work:
      reinstalled all BeStMan/HDFS/Xrootd from latest OSG release, run tests
      reviewed several documents in OSG twiki, provided feedback
      continued working on OSG storage forum
      have written report for osg area coordinator meeting
      tested new pigeon tools release, send Britta and Robert instruction for installation
</pre>
---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
discovery tools
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted is working on adding new features to discovery tools that allow to query space allocate at the site for a specific storage area. Will release it to VDT soon.

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
vdt-dcache
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We are waiting for  ITB (Suchandra and Steve) to install.upgrade dcache before we can move it into production. BNL and Fermil Tier-1 are already running gratia probes that are part of this release.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
documentation
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Neha will take over all dcache documents that are in Ted's queue and will try to consolidate them. Everyone should try to use [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/DocFormattingRules][this document]] when writing installation or howto documents. 

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

None

++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++

Closed:

8859 - OSG Storage: Engage Access on NWICG_NotreDame

Follow up in progress:

8800 - OSG Storage: Engage Access on MIT_CMS

No update:
8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt- dcache package

9073 - OSG Storage:  Summary of bestman-g issues/requests from US ATLAS

9075 - OSG Storage: dCap: Request timing out


---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
%EDITTABLE{ header="| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |" format="| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |" changerows="on"}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 18 Aug 2010
