%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1223058351" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
 <!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> 
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Abhishek Rana
   * Alain Roy
   * Tanya Levshina

---++ Agenda Items
 <!-- DESCRIPTION -->

<br />1. Discussed the status of BeStMan-gateway/xrootd installation at Fermilab. The following packages have been installed and configured:<br />                a. bestman-gateway<br />                b. fuse & xrootdfs<br />                c. xrootd<br />                d. XrdCns<br />                e. newest release of lbnl srm client<br />There were multiple problems in XrdCns build process and configuration that were eventually solved with help of XrdCns developers. Tanya has to configure storage token then start to work on validation tests. Alain was able to include all of the packages but fuse in vdt cache<br /><br />2. Discussed D0 progress:<br />              a. Purdue is still not included in D0 configuration<br />              b. third-party transfer is failing between Purdue-MIT due to known bug<br />                  in fermi-srm client that has been fixed long time ago. Purdue needs to <br />                  upgrade to the newest version of dcache<br />              c. D0 is not using Nebraska site because Nebraska stopped reporting to ReSS. The reason is unknown.            <br />                 Brian suggested that Joel should open the GOC ticket so the troubleshooting process could be started.<br />              d. It was a lively discussion about suitability of squid usage to improve D0 performance. <br />                  Andrew didn't think that was a right approach<br />3. vdt-dcache 2.2.8 (dcache 1.8.0.15.p11) is released <br />   dcache 1.8.0.15p12 will be released in a couple of weeks ; dcache 1.8.0.16 with InformationProvider coule be released by the end of September<br /><br />4. Tickets: Alain added the ticket regarding lcg-cg working only with host certificate to CERN savannah <a target="l" href="http://savannah.cern.ch/bugs/?40591">http://savannah.cern.ch/bugs/?40591</a><br /><br />5. Ted is working on gplazma & helping Timur with authorization persistency in srm<br /><br />6. Neha is on vacation - no update about progress with storage documentation

---++ Created by:
 <!-- Paste your signature (below) here --> -- Main.TanyaLevshina - 03 Oct 2008