%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1237413691" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Brian  Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim 
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Andrew Baranovski (report)
   * Abhishek Rana (report) 


---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Support and GOC Tickets

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Neha has resumed her responsibilities of handling OSG Storage support. We have agreed that she will add the following people to all tickets she is creating:
   *  dCache - Ted, Brian, Tanya
   *  !BeStMan - Alex, Tanya , Wei (in case of xrootd/xrootdfs problems)
   * gratia thansfer/storage probes - Brian, Andrew, Tanya

We were planning to have a discussion with GOC team about storage tickets assignments  but they failed to join us. 

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
AHM 
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Brian:  people expressed great interest to HDFS. CMS  has organized the HDFS workshop immediately after the AHM  and there are  4 sites that now have !BeStMan-  
gateway/HDFS installation. Brian was sure that CMS would officially request VDT to support HDFS and Brian is prepared to help out with this. Tanya has asked about official request and the expectation for support. Brian said that the request would be sent and he hoped that "community support" would satisfy CMS needs. Tanya raised her doubts. We  have agreed to talk to Ruth and Alain about that.


Alex: The presentations went pretty well. !BeStMan, !BeStMan-gateway, !BeStMan-gateway/Xrootd packages have been installed during workshop. Also he was able to help to some sysadmins with configuration problems with existing installation.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dCache 1.9.2.4 status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

It was released yesterday. Tanya has started validation test suite. Hopefully gwdca cluster could be upgraded next week. Neha will work on verifying the pnfs/postgres upgrade procedure and check the problem reported about installation script.


Information Provider Test Suite:

Andrew: "I committed  what I have into /dcache/testing/src/java/gov/fnal/dcache/testing/infoprov"

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
ITB Testing, documentations

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Abhishek: "D0 will not have time to do storage testing for ITB. CDF is planning to participate"

Tanya will need to make some changes in ITB documentation based on comments she has received from ITB testers.

Brian was waiting from SLAC to test gratia transfer probes, but they have not responded  so far. So he will try to ask Iwona and Horst to do the testing so we can validate the procedure described in our documentation.
 
---++ Fivth  agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Community chest tool release

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Abhishek: " The release is almost ready , will not wait for Brian's tool that incorporates email message into the gratia record. No date is set yet for release."

---++ Six  agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++
Closed:

6573/6574 - Bestman: srmcp, srmls work; srmrm fails

Follow up in progress:

6570 -  dCache - Retry Num/Timeout settings for Postgres DB

6571 -  Bestman - xrootd fails 'touch' command; reports inconsistent file list

6572 -  dCache - postgres errors from 'pnfs register' 

6576 - Bestman - srm-copy from HDFS to dCache questions

6577 - dCache - 2 Bestman tests timing out against dCache based SE

6578 - Bestman - incorrect mapping of users

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets 
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

6419 - dCache - srm-get-space-tokens failing

Follow up in progress: 

6387 - Bestman - Missing options in vdt configure_bestman script

6420 - dCache - Intermittent failures in storage probes

6421 - dCache - SRM logs: "user parameters...have changed"

6422 - dCache - lcg-cp hung for 8+ hours

6423 - dCache - dccp hangs in cache_open/data_hello_conversation/poll


---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 18 Mar 2009
