%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1266252137" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

Meeting was canceled due to OSG Documentation workshop.

---++ Status reports
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
OSG/VDT Hadoop v1 is now almost ready --
http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/components/hadoop.html

Alain and I have reviewed the YUM structure together. 
References to ReleaseDocumentation/Hadoop document have 
been added on the twiki;
Storage/Hadoop documents need some editing 
to reflect the new YUM structure. 
Our thanks to Mike T, Brian B, Alex S, Haifeng P, Terrence M.
Public announcement to OSG Sites can be expected in a few days.
</pre>

Alex:
<pre class="screen">

* Support
  - Q on Argus support
  - Support on NERSC HPSS access through bestman full mode

* Release
  - working on bestman2 test and packaging
  - working on lbnl srm clients/tester for lib updates, test/packaging

</pre>

Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
I was actively working on enhancing dCache storage probe converting
access to configuration parameters using attributes of the ProbeConfig
file.
</pre>

Neha
<pre class="screen">
on vacation
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Attended OSG Documentation Improvement Workshop. 
Completed introduction to EndUser section of OSG Storage main wiki page. 
Began writing subpage for SystemAdmin; started more thorough examination 
of existing installation docs.
</pre>

Tanya
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
        OSG Documentation Workshop
Technical work:
       investigated various problem with new storage probes
       released/update documentation  vdt-dcache 2.4.8 with garatia probes  1.06.15d-1
       tested newly released lcg-utils
       continued working with NEES
       investigated problems with Phedex/HDFS on the test stand
       tested storage availability for Engage VO on OSG sites, submitted multiple tickets , 
       verified fixes
</pre>


---++ Tickets
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

New tickets:

8104 -  Resource Specific Issue on NYSGRID_CORNELL_NYS1 

8105 -  Invalid SE info reported to BDII from TTU-ANTAEUS

8106 - Failed to create subdirectory for Engage Storage Area at NWICG_NDCCL SE

8107 - Incorrect SE information reported in BDII for Engage VO on UCR-HEP-SE 

8108 - SE information advertised in BDII is not correct on Vanderbilt_SE 

Old ticket - updated:

8072 -  dCache: Removing Tags in PNFS 



---++ Created by:

<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 15 Feb 2010
