%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1273168387" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Alex Sim - apologies 

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - document review for bestman gateway
  - document review for bestman full mode
  - srmls error support to NERSC bestman  (see attached report)
  - summary report on BNL-NERSC FTS transfers
  - support on Haifeng's scale test
  - irregular GUMS authorization exception at AGLT2 for srm testing

* Release
  - bestman 2.2.1.3.13 release
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
o couple of successful chimera installs on gw014k3
o successful chimera install on gridworks 
o modification of various install scripts as needed
o changes to README 
o tickets
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- Working on RSV probes: working for gw014k1 with cavaets
- still need to test functions that gateway does not support
- Will work on xrootd log rotation for vdt team this week
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
      Meetings:
                  with Alain
                  T3 coordination meeting
                  OSG/xrootd developers meeting
                  with Robert Engel (LIGO/OSG storage)
      Technical work:
                  Wrote/discussed proposal for new xrootd configuration with enabled security 
                      and other new features
                  Worked with Haifeng PI on BeStMan-gateway/hadoop scalability test,
                     installed just BeStMan-gateway on new node to isolate problems
                  Worked with Igor Sfiligoi to debug scalability problems on dcache teststand
                  Executed tests for newly installed dcache 1.9.5-17, chimera, analyzed results
                  Started to work on NEES incremental backup
                  Wrote status report for area coordinator meeting
                  Certified BeStMan 2.2.3.13
 </pre>


Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>
---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
RSV Storage probes status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Doug is wrapping up the development of  RSV storage probes (srm-client probes and srmtester). The preliminary results could be seen [[https://gw014k1.fnal.gov:8443/rsv][here]]. 

---++ Second agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
BNL NERSC problems report
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Alex has submitted the [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010May05/BNL_NERSC_FTS_DT_trouble-100428.pdf][report]] that described all the problems and fixes encountered during BNL acceptance test at NERSC with !BeStMan-fullmode installation.
Tanya has discussed with Doug Benjamin the possibility to register our teststands for ATLAS acceptance tests, so we can see problems with FTS-!BeStMan  before releases.  

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache transfer probes
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Andrew has reported that the test and probe are ready. Brian had problem to run the tests. Andrew has sent instructions and will add them to svn. Andrew will ask Chris to build the probe, so we can install rpms and test them on gridwork cluster.


---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Documentation
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted has continued work on [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/StorageSiteAdministrator][Storage for Site Administrators]].

According  statistic's compiled by Robert, work on storage documentation improvement going pretty well:

Storage        : 0.52 documents per day : 62 documents total :  119 more days needed

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Xrootd configuration
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Tanya is working on new xrootd configuration requested by ATLAS. This configuration should be flexible enough to accommodate standalone xrootd installation for small T3 as well as allow T2 to setup SE with !BestMan-gateway/xrootd. One of the new requests is to add security configuration on xrootd level. 

---++ Sixth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

None

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

8465 - OSG Storage: dCache: Chimera: "level-2" metadata not available immediately

8104 - OSG Storage: Resource Specific Issue on NYSGRID_CORNELL_NYS1

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 06 May 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="BNL_NERSC_FTS_DT_trouble-100428.pdf" attachment="BNL_NERSC_FTS_DT_trouble-100428.pdf" attr="" comment="BNL NERSC Problems report" date="1273162392" path="BNL_NERSC_FTS_DT_trouble-100428.pdf" size="54997" stream="BNL_NERSC_FTS_DT_trouble-100428.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp28780" user="TanyaLevshina" version="1"}%
