%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476804105" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Neha Sharma
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Alex Sim, Jeff Dost, Doug Strain - apologies 

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - Support for STAR data delivery from PDSF to BNL via bestman full mode
  - Support for ATLAS data transfer at PDSF/NERSC
  - bug fix on lbnl srm client
  - Working on source release of the bestman2 pkg
  - working on next release of bestman2 and srm client
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- RSV: Problems with fermi-client and SRM_CONFIG variable, still investigating...
- AHM meeting preparation: Pigeon tools presentation in the works
- Hadoop updates on test stand (+gratia probes): not done yet.
</pre>

Jeff:
<pre class="screen">
in charge of the OSG Glidein Factory operations for this week, will sent report later
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
Finally got response from all (but one) OSG dCache SE admins on dCache upgrade downtime (15 min -> 3/4 day)
- Released VDT-dCache 3.0.4 in production
- Notified OSG sites about upcoming dCache workshop
- Sent survey to all OSG dCache admins wrt SL4 support for gratia dcache probes. No SL4 support is needed anymore for these probes.
- Tried to build new dCache storage and transfer probe rpms for latest gratia probe release - 1.07.01a-2.src.rpm on SL5. 
Build failed again due to dependency on python-setuptools. Sent mail to Brian/Philippe
- Request DN change in OIM so I could update tickets
- Working on dCache tickets from 2010. So far went through and fixed the report sent by
   GOC and looked up the support person for each ticket in it.
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
meetings:
          with Alain
          with Ruth, Gabriele, Chander
          LIGO task force
          site admins

planning:
       discussed future vdt efforts for dCache packaging
       prepared spreadsheet of storage group current efforts requested by Alain
doc & presentations:
        reviewed Marco's Tier3 Xrootd Client doc
        incorporated changes proposed by site admin(John Mora) for BeStMan Installation Guide
        updated experts' page for AHM with useful links related to Storage
        reviewed Doug's presentation for AHM
support:
       tried to understand transfer results for LIGO BI 7 days dataset, found some weird gap in transfers submission, 
           waiting for Britta's response  
       responded to cms t3 site admin(Xenia Fave) questions about BeStMan
       discussed RSV & SRM_CONFIG problem with dCache developer
       discussed gratia probe installation on Fermilab public dCache
tech. work:
       finished testing patch provided for xrootd gratia probes, waiting for vdt release
</pre>

---++ First  agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
   * vdt-dcache
      * Neha can not build gratia probes with new gratia release, dependency on setuptools. She is talking to Brian.
      * according to survey of dcache admin we don't need to provide gratia probes rpms for  SL4  

   *  dcache upgrade downtime survey results:

|* Site Name *|* Contact *| *dCache Upgrade Time*|
|USCMS-FNAL-WC1-SE(USCMS)|          Jon Bakken|                                           15-20 minutes|
|Purdue-CMS-SE (USCMS)|                 Fengping Hu|                                         1 hour|
|UERJ (USCMS)|         Jose Afonso Sanchez|                         3/4 of a day|
|GLOW-CMS-SE (USCMS) |                        Will Maier |                                          1 hour --- not relevant because plan to switch to HDFS|
|SPRACE_SE (USCMS) |                        Sergio Lietti |                                        6-12 hours|
|MIT-CMS-SE (USCMS)|                                Wei Li |                                                1/2 day|
|UFlorida-SE (USCMS)|                         Bockjoo Kim|                                         8-12 hours (guess, since only has pnfs->chimera upgrade experience)|
|BNL_ATLAS_SE   (USATLAS)|                         Xin Zhao|                                         Xin has asked Hironori Ito to respond, waiting for response | 
|AGLT2_SE (USATLAS)|                         Shawn !McKee|                                from 1.5 to 8 hours|
|MWT2_UC_SE (USATLAS) |                       Sarah Williams|                                 1/2 day|
|MWT2_IU_SE (USATLAS)|                                Sarah Williams|                                 1/2 day|
|!IllinoisHEP-SE (USATLAS)|                 David Lesny|                                         4-6 hours|
|FNAL_FERMIGRID ()|                                        Dmitry Litvinsev|                                 30 minutes|


---++ Tickets
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->


++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

None

++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++

No update:

24 - OSG Storage: dCache: pnfsDump-1.0.21-1 rpm not working with 1.9.5-8

8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package

9073 - OSG Storage:  Summary of bestman-g issues/requests from US ATLAS

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 17 Feb 2011