%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1271388203" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina
   * Brain Bockelman - apologies 

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Status report

Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
I've spend time testing the code I wrote against running dCache and
gratia instanced. Brian rewrote a lot of old code, so this will have to
be redone until he completes his changes.
</pre>

Abhishek
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">

Repeated pnfs->Chimera test migration with a completely fresh postgres,
pnfs, and dCache install and got the same error that I did last week.
Wrote dCache developers with details.

Finished Infrastructure document and started working on Developers
document. 
Moved all non-administrative Storage docs to ReleaseDocumentation web.
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
worked on validation testsuite
users support/tickets
</pre>

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - document review for bestman gateway
  - document review for bestman full mode
  - lcgcp failure with authorization error to bestman gateway
    - GUMS mapping issue
  - concurrent gsiftp transfer failure in srm-copy
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
         with Ruth - status meeting
         with Gene and Ruth - NEES SLA discussion
         with Doug - RSV probes progress
         osg doc telecon
Technical work:
        BeStMan/xrootd  document modification
        NEES documentation update
        FTS-client tests
        Xrootd configuration discussion (how to make CNSd optional) 
        gratia dcache transfer test
</pre>
---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Documentation
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted has finished working on  the following documents:
   * Data Storage and Management in the OSG
   * Storage for the End User
   * Storage for the Site Administrator
   * Storage Infrastructure Software
   * Information Services and Storage

These documents have been moved under ReleaseDocumentation upon documentation team request.

He is currently working on "File Transfer Services" and "Storage for the Application Developer" documents.

Tanya is continuing to work on Installation Guides for various storage types.
---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Chimera
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted has retried to install chimera and do pnfs -> chimera migration. This new attempt has failed with the same error. He has opened the ticket with dcache.org.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache transfer probe modification
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Brian has started some code modification and it is unclear to Andrew what is the purpose of these changes. In the current state probe is not sending any records to gratia. We have agreed to meet next Wednesday during Gratia team meeting to discuss all the issues. Until that no work will be done on probe.

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
RSV probes for storage
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Doug has started to work on RSV storage probes. He was able run existing probes manually and understood the code structure. He is ready to start working on making srmtester test suites as a RSV probe.

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
FTS client
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We have been asked to start testing FTS-client that was added recently to VDT cache. We will need to add the automated tests to our test suite. 


---++ Six agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
!BeStMan release
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Alex is planning to release a new !BeStMan server and client sometime next week. Server will support concurrent transfers and client will print out stack trace in case of errors. 
---++ Seventh agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets (Neha)
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

8104 - OSG Storage: Resource Specific Issue on NYSGRID_CORNELL_NYS1

Closed:

8405 - OSG Storage: srmls: version 2.0.9 not working against dCache 1.9.6-4

8401 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Overloaded data server

8371 - OSG Storage: srm-get-space-metadata bug

8404 - OSG Storage: srm-copy: how to run parallel transfers

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

8246 - OSG Storage: dCache : Implicit space reservation finding the correct link group

8356 - OSG Storage: dCache: srmcp: "ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException" when trying to run parallel transfer

No update:

8260 - OSG Storage: dCache: Data collected by InfoProvider is not accurate

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 15 Apr 2010