%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1277393481" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Neha Sharma
   * Alex Sim
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
    *  Bestman2 is now included in VDT Hadoop (for SL5, in Hadoop-testing/ITB repository).
    * FNAL and UCSD are evaluating it; mainly the scalability of new Jetty-based container.
    * As things move forward, plan is to include Bestman2 for SL4 and in Hadoop-stable/Production repository.
    * URL -- http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/components/hadoop.htm
</pre>
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* bestman2 documentation
  - looking into jetty optimization
* dCache endpoint switching for daily storage testing
  - having some SFN path problem: receiving support from FNAL.
 srm://gwdca04.fnal.gov:8443/srm/managerv2?SFN=/pnfs/fnal.gov/data/fermilab/srmtester
* Support for multiple files request for 3rd party transfer in srm-copy
from dCache to bestman: some strange error that we have not encountered
before, and we're trying to duplicate the problem in a debuggable
environment.
</pre>
Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- Pigeon tools: several bugs (mostly with dependencies) fixed.  Package created w/ instructions.
- RSV: Created proof-of-concept for pigeon probe.  Many enhancements/fixes still needed
- Documentation still pending.
</pre>
Neha:
<pre class="screen">
- emailed igor info on postgres changes and confirmed settings on gridworks
- checked in correct companion2chimera tool script
- add info on billing db indexes in INSTALL document
- support
</pre>
Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Worked in more detail in demonstrating the use of iRODS iput and iget
commands, writing drivers for fileCreate, fileWrite, fileOpen, fileRead
functions to the extent that these two commands could be shown to run to
completion in the OSG model of using iRODS. 
Began whitepaper as a preliminary report on the use of iRODS as a 
description of the project, plan for future work by OSG staff, and potential 
requests to the iRODS developers.
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
             June 16-18, WLCG Jamboree on evolution of storage and data management
             ATLAS and CMS T3 coordinators  
             with Alain
             with Ruth and Dan
             with Doug

Technical work:
            ran certification tests on BeStMan/HDFS, started stress test with Haifeng, discussing tune up parameters for jetty
            investigated problems with dcache stress test, gridftp door hang with "too many files open" error as soon as number of client >150
            discussed changes in new xrootd release (log location,etc)
            contacted Andrei Masslenikov (chair of Hepix storage group) to organize meeting  with NOvA and MINOS
            email exchanged with Pablo Saiz (Alice) - AliEN FC
            wrote a summary of jamboree meeting
            installed and ran pigeon tools, provided feedback to Doug
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
vdt-dcache release
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Good news:
   * several sites have installed dcache from VDT and successfully migrated from pnfs to chimera
Bad news:
   * there were several problems discovered during upgrade 

Neha is working on fixing them and Chris advised us to rebuild gratia probes with new gratia libraries. Hopefully will be able to cut new release early next week.
  
---++ Second agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Pigeon Tools
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Doug will be working on improving installation, configuration procedures as well as fixing  some bugs. He also working on making pigeon tools as rsv probe. He will start creating GOC tickets as soon as he is done with fixes.  Current results according pigeons tools: 10 out of 17 OSG sites that advertised storage availability for Engage failed to do so.

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
IRODS Evaluation 
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted is working on white paper (see report). Special meeting dedicated to  IRODS is planned for next Wednesday.  

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
WLCG jamboree
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Jamboree main topics:

   1. global namespace
   1. away from Monrac model -  p2p file replication (?)
   1.  Analysis job and storage: problems and expectations
   1. SRM protocol 
   1. tape as pure archive
   1. Network

Summary is [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010Jun23/WLCG_Jamboree_Summary.pdf][here]]

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

+++++++++
New tickets
+++++++++

Closed:

8786 - OSG Storage: dCache:  fermi srmclient: adler32 fails with java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError

8787 - OSG Storage: dCache: issues upgrading dCache at UERJ using vdt-dcache package

Follow up in progress:

8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package

++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++

Closed:

8747 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Increasing log file size

Follow up in progress:

8602 - OSG Storage: dCache: Replication Failure

8603 - OSG Storage: dCache: Increasing Log level on Gridftp doors/Specify Pinboard Dump directory

No update:
8630 - OSG Storage: dCache: "[CONNECTION_ERROR]" from FTS to our dCache/SRM headnode

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 23 Jun 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="WLCG_Jamboree_Summary.pdf" attachment="WLCG_Jamboree_Summary.pdf" attr="" comment="WLCG Jamboree Summary" date="1277309134" path="WLCG_Jamboree_Summary.pdf" size="104999" stream="WLCG_Jamboree_Summary.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp29363" user="TanyaLevshina" version="2"}%
