%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1264091713" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

Meeting is canceled.

---++ Status report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - STAR data replication with bestman accessing BNL HPSS

* Release
  - working on bestman2 test and packaging
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">

Gathered links to and reviewed and OSG twiki topics to be incorporated
in the new Storage documentation. Restructured some sections on main OSG
Storage twiki page and began writing content on that page.

For OSG Discovery Tool, in surl query added capability to check
GlueSAAccessControlBaseRule for vo match. Also added capability to
handle VO: and VOMS: prefixes in vo match and to handle input of role
rather than vo name only. Began modifying other queries similarly.
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
o upgraded dcache on gridworks to 1.9.5-12 and performed simple transfers to validate it. 
   identified issue with gratia probes and performed upgrade again.
o built gratia storage probes for versions  1.06.14b-1 
o added check for existence of indexes in the billing databases
o forwarded an email regarding Fermilab T3 SE access to Burt 
o requested couple of changes to ProbeConfig for gratia transfer probe
o fixed the gratia probe install script to obtain the email_to values from correct 
   parameter in siteinfo.conf file 
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
* Meetings:
    Area coordinators meeting
    Site admins meeting
   ITB meeting

* Built/tested vdt-dcache 2.4.6 with dcache-server 1.9.5-12, gratia probe 1.06.14b-1
* Troubleshooted Hadoop problems after gridwork cluster restart 
    (the problem was related to a failure to start hadoop daemon on some of the worker nodes)
* Investigated phedex loadtest result on hadoop teststand
* Submitted bug to xrootd developers related to log file proper closing
* Found the problem in discovery tools when new GIP is enabled, notified developer
* Found the problem with dcache version that is reported  in bdii/ReSS. Talked to GIP developer
* Updated WBS for Storage
</pre>




---++ Tickets
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Closed:

7993 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: How to "sync" the redirector's copy of the filesystem when supporting tokens

Follow up in progress:

7928 - OSG Storage: lcg-cp stalls on non existant file

++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

Need to follow up:

7953 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: Monitoring issue

No update:

6971 - dCache - Problem with pnfs register command

7924 - OSG Storage: srmcp rsv probe: not working at se1.accre.vanderbilt.edu

7955- OSG Storage: Xrootd: problem starting redirector using vdt-control

7956 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: OSG 1.2.5 xrootd data server log problem


---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 21 Jan 2010