%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1254428345" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%

---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski 
   *  Brian Bockelman
   *  Ted Hesselroth 
   *  Neha Sharma
   *  Alex Sim
   *  Tanya Levshina
 


---++ Status Report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
</pre>

Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Moved SCEC support forward by encouraging UFL to fix their GIP configuration. 
Though the GIP team will not offer support for their non-hep compute element due to extensive customization, YuJun Wu is
working on this. So, kudos.

Made and tested several gPlazma patches for dCache 1.9.5 "Golden" release. Instead of returning only the authorizations, gPlazma now
returns a map of all roles found and their authorizations, including "null" if the role is not authorized. Solved a problem of unexpected
results when multiple roles mapped to the same authorization.
</pre>

Neha:
</pre class="screen">
Follow up on tickets.
</pre>

Alex
</pre class="screen">

* Support
  - srm-copy usage for a large file/directory transfer
  - srm-ping and srm-copy usage in RSV probe

* bestman 2.2.1.3 release
   - packaging, testing

* next major release as bestman2 will be towards the end of this year.
   bestman2  uses tomcat for the http container and the latest
gridftp/gsi libraries.
   current bestman will be maintained for a while as bestman1
   until all sites move to bestman2, but all new features will only be
added to the bestman2.

* bestman new features in 2.2.1.3

1. VOMS validation is supported
   conf entry: validateVomsProxy=true  (false by default)
   With or without gums support in the server, it validates the voms proxy.
2. user space keys are supported
   userSpaceKeywords is to define keys to shorten the path
   format: userSpaceKeywords=(key1=/path1)(key2=/path2)
   e.g.: userSpaceKeywords=(tic=/user/tic)(tac=/proj/tac)
   bestman will disable space management when this is defined
   and SFN=/tic/fpath1 in SURL will be translated to SFN=/user/tic/fpath1
   difference from staticTokens: space descriptions are not supported.
3. checksum callout is supported
   this is effective only if showChecksumWhenListingFile=true
   conf entry: hexChecksumCommand
   e.g. hecChecksumCommand=/usr/local/bin/mychecksum -adler32
   When a file needs checksum, the file path is attached to the call-out
command,
   and the returns can be seperated by spaces, and
   the first value is assumed to be the checksum value output.
4. No directory browsing is supported as a server side enforcement.
   conf entry: NoDirBrowsing=true
   It will handle srmLs on all directory level browsing with level 0
requests,
   returning the directory information only.

* bestman changes in 2.2.1.3

5. (full mode) fixed wrong space token generation after restarting the
server
6. (full mode) fixed wrong status code return in srmCopy
7. (full mode) fixed truncated directory browsing for a long path name

* setup changes and new options in 2.2.1.3
1. all command line scripts support dash environment on Ubuntu
2. added --with-container-threads=<int> for web service container threads
   defaults to 64 per 512MB max java heap size
3. added --enable-voms-validation
4. added --with-user-space-key=<string> for user space keys
   format: (key1=/path2)(key2=/path2)
5. added --enable-voms-validation
6. added --with-checksum-callout=<PATH> to specify path for checksum
callout command
7. added configure.gateway and configure.fullmode
   conf/bestman.rc will be customized and simplied for each mode.

* srm clients lbnl - new features in 2.2.1.3
1. added clear status tags (request or file) for returned status information
2. added "-connectiontimeout <seconds>" in srm-copy for soap or gsi
connection
   timeout as well as file transfer timeout.
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
 Meetings:
        Tier-3 liaison group
         OSG VO forum
         OSG Documentation meeting

  Email discussions:
        Xrootd/Xrootd-GridFTP/Xrootdfs release/support policy
        Status of SCEC jobs with Michael, Brian
        VOMS Validation in new BeStMan release
        Comments for standalone gridftp document
        dcache support: upgrade discussion with David Lesny
        comments on request to include details for configuring service certificate for BeStMan in documentation
        discussed  workaround for xrootd problem i've encountered 
  
  Technical work:
        Applied workaround  suggested by xrootd developers, was able to "restore" file meta data , has recommended to release xrootd/xrootdfs for vdt
        Tested new release of BeStMan, BeStMan client and srm tester.
        Started to work on thridparty transfer tests
        Reviewed Andrew's proposal, provided feedback
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Andrew's troubleshooting/log collection design doc - any feedback?
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Brian expressed concern why we are decided to look into log collection/troubleshooting. He thinks that similar attempt has failed before (e.g. he has mentioned about apprenet reluctance of sys admins to install syslog-ng for log collection). Tanya reminded that we have the following item in our WBS for FY10:

"Investigate tools for storage troubleshooting"

Brian agreed that this activity seems to be relevant to WBS and asked Andrew to add more implementation  details into the document.  Tanya asked to add real use cases to the document, e.g example how logs could help troubleshooting. Andrew said that he will need help with that.
  

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Storage discovery tools - how far we from VDT release? 

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted started working on improving caching.



---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


---++ Fourth agend item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->


---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
%EDITTABLE{ header="| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |" format="| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |" changerows="on"}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 01 Oct 2009