%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285063" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Andrew Baranovski
   * Brian  Bockelman
   * Ted Hesselroth
   * Alex Sim 
   * Tanya Levshina
   *  Abhishek Rana  (sent report)

---++ Guest
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Iwona Sakrejda

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
New GIP and storage probes

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
The design of new GIP for storage/installation capacity are currently under review. Brian will let us know if we need do any update for  dcache storage probes. We will not start any development until this is settled. 

---++ Second Agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
 D0 Storage utilization status
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
From Abhishek:

 "No major production issues on opportunistic storage reported by D0 recently."

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
 dCache 1.9.2 status update

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

dCache 1.9.2-3 will be released by the end of the week. gPlazma issues have been fixed. We will package it and start testing as soon as release becomes available.
Andrew has started to work with Info Provider, had some minor issues so far.

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
VDT configuration for srm clients

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Horst has requested that vdt configuration script for srm clients (lbnl, fermi, lcg). The script should be able to set up the following parameters:

GLOBUS_TCP_PORT_RANGE=

GLOBUS_TCP_SOURCE_RANGE=

X509_CERT_DIR=

GSI_DAEMON_TRUSTED_CA_DIR=

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
ITB storage testing status

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
From Abhishek:

"Next Trash/Trash/Integration Testbed validation cycle is coming up. [ATLAS, CMS, LIGO], D0, CDF, Fermi-VO have plans to perform VO validation. D0 and CDF  may be good candidates for opportunistic storage's evaluation on ITB, if time permits. [ATLAS and CMS may have plans for regular storage's evaluation.]"

Iwona is updating ITB release documentation for BeStMan in full mode.
Tanya is working on  BeStMan-gateway, Xrootd and gratia transfer probes. The discussion is underway how to organize ITB packaging for !BeStMan, !GridFTP and Gratia transfer probes.  

---++ Sixth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Toolkit release

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
From Abhishek:

"
Storage Operations Toolkit next release is in preparation. Need to confirm with Brian: 
   a. CMS request to periodically dispatch user-quota  accounting information from the filesystem to accounting collector. 
   a. Related 'transfer protocol' module.
"


---++ Seven agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
No tickets were entered to GOC. Andrew has been declined to get access to GOC (Tanya is trying to resolve this issue). Ted didn't have a chance to do it so far. 
The following problems/questions have been reported during last week:

   1.  Problems with vdt-dcache-SL4_32-2.2.8 upgrade at  MWT2 (reported by Charles Waldman)
      a. java will not start after upgrade - looks like some problems with symlinks - restart of dcache helped to solve the problem
      a. After the upgrade, we did '/etc/init.d/dcache-pool restart' on the pool nodes.  This failed to stop the running pools, and started a second Java process.  This resulted in corruption of the 'companion' database, which took some time to repair.
      a. Nodes which are running both doors and pools are incorrectly set to NODE_TYPE=door (in node_config) instead of NODE_TYPE=custom. This results in the pool services not being upgraded/installed.
      a. A '-dryrun' install of pnfs resulted in a script /opt/pnfs/bin/pnfs which calls itself.  We reverted to the older version.
      a. The deprecated scripts 'dcache-core' and 'dcache-pool' are not removed from the runlevels. 

   1. Transfer timeouts from MWT2_IU reported by Sarah Williams - may be could be closed , it looks like it is because of pool restart problems reported by Charles
   1. Requests from ATALS (Doug Benjamin):
      a. to allow  multiple partitions for xrootd cache to be added via vdt configure_xrootd script
      a. add utilized ports list to documentation  - done

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 23 Feb 2009