%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dTanya_20Levshina_20508821" date="1293057352" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Jeff Dost
   * Neha Sharma
   * Doug Strain
   * Tanya Levshina


---+++ Guests
   * Alain Roy


---++ Status Report
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
 - support for STAR data delivery from PDSF to BNL via bestman full mode
 - support for "srm-copy -f" for LIGO case
 - write-up use cases from STAR data delivery
 - Support for EMI SRM security change agreement
 - Follow-up for bestman licence with LBNL tech dept
 - new release for bestman and bestman2 
</pre>

Doug:
<pre class="screen">
- RSV Pigeon: working on configure_pigeon and with new pigeon_consumer to fix pigeon-specific issues.
</pre>

Jeff:
<pre class="screen">
Hadoop RPMs:
- successfully tested koji build system.  Waiting for Brian's instructions on how to patch bestman before packaging

Todo:
- build bestman rpms
- begin Tanya's proposal to update hadoop twiki docs
- finish installing test hadoop setup
</pre>

Neha:
<pre class="screen">
- sevalidation testsuite
fixed typos in basic srm command generation
working on space reservation commands
- couple of gridworks restarts due to stress testing
- looked up how to publish supported vo's on standalone se
</pre>

Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
 Meetings:
   - with LIGO
   - Ruth
   - Chander
   - doc team telecon
   - itb 

Technical work:
    xrootd updated on teststand  to the current OSG release 20100315-1007-vdt2, 
          ran certification tests, tried configuration with Simple Inventory
    installed xrootd storage &  transfer probes, found several problems, discussed them with Brian
    install new rsv probes, waiting for Doug to make pigeon fixes
    discussed  failures reported by pigeon tools (globus-job-run) for GlueX VO, Richard has fixed firewall on the node, now all the tests are working fine 
    discussed hadoop documentation layout 
</pre>

---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
!BeStMan/HDFS rpms
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Jeff is now able to build hdfs rpms, still has problems with !BeStMan. Waiting for the instructions from Brian and Michael.  He will start working on the documentation.
 

---++ Second agenda Item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->

Pigeon/storage rsv probes
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Doug and Scot continued work on improving pigeon as rsv probe. Scot added -no-ping option and provided skeleton for !HtmlConsumer and vdt-control.
Doug was able to modify consumer to display the correct order of the probes and get rid of non-related information. More work on vdt-control is needed. Hopefully will be able to finish before New Year.
  

---++ Third agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
pnfsDump
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Last communication between Paul & Will was on December, 16th. It is unclear if the problem is solved. Neha has updated the ticket. 

---++ Fourth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
WBS
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
There are two WBS tasks that we have not addressed last year:
   * Work with Bestman developers to minimize downtime for storage upgrade
   * Work with dCache developers to minimize downtime for storage upgrade 

These tasks were requested by CMS and ATLAS. It is unclear if downtime is still an issue. Neha will contact dcache site admin to collect information. We need to get similar information from site that are running !BeStMan on top of xrootd or hdfs.

---++ Fifth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
space allocation and public storage
---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Tanya has installed xrootd storage and transfer probes. It looks like !StorageElement record has enough information about storage space utilization for specific static space token.The HDFS configured with static space tokens and quota has similar information. The question is if we can convince storage administrators to configure bestman and underlying dfs to use static space tokens for public storage.  

---++ Sixth agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++

25 - OSG Storage: Xrootd: How to do File Migration

++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++

Follow up in progress:

24 - OSG Storage: dCache: pnfsDump-1.0.21-1 rpm not working with 1.9.5-8

9142 - Resource Specific Issue on UConn-OSG_SE

No update:

20 - OSG Storage: Bestman: Defective Credential Error

9073 - OSG Storage:  Summary of bestman-g issues/requests from US ATLAS

8785 - OSG Storage: dCache: Issues upgrading dCache at UIUC using vdt-dcache package


---++ Seventh agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
AOB

---+++ Discussion
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->

Meetings are canceled for December, 22d and January,5th. Next meeting will be on January, 12th

---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 22 Dec 2010
