%META:TOPICINFO{author="PaulSheldon" date="1152808362" format="1.0" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  06/29/06


---++ AGENDA

(1) OSG Consortium Meeting Aug 21-23 - Eileen
					who will be going?  what can we get done there?

(2) Status update on UltraLight SE testing -  Surya

(3) SE on OSG "How-To" Discussion - Surya, Eileen
			status update, work done.

(4) Brainstorm Topics to Add to Wiki - Eileen
			part of the "How-To" 

---++ Attending
	* Eileen Berman (FNAL)
	* Surya Pathak (Vanderbilt) 
	* Rob Kennedy (FNAL)
	* Abhishek Rana (Sab Diego)
	* David Myers (Ligo)



---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ OSG Consortium Meeting

Eileen Asked: Who all be attending any ideas...

Surya: Most of the storage group goes

Eileen: Maybe we should have a BOF session

Surya: Ruth in an earlier email said there is going to be a parallel session on storage and data management

Eileen: David and Abhsishek are also planning to go. We should plan what we want to do

David: We should definitely have a BOF

Eileen: We still don't know what's Ruth agenda for the consortium meeting

David: Put the BOF on the agenda


---+++ Status on Ultralight testing

Eileen: Surya is going to update

Surya: We have done intial profiling done with data being moved between vanderbilt and 3 different ultralight sites (Caltech,Florida and michigan). We are saturating the I2 pipe here qquite easily and sustained (for as long as we want). Its not much and we are now setting up to repea the test on the ultralight network. The initial testing s going to between Michigan and florida. After this we are going to mobve on to netwrok tuning and then follow it up with the parameter sweep.

David: Can you share the information of these tests especially the paramater sweep.

Surya: Sure thing.... 


---+++ OSG "how to" discussion and add to wiki (Action item 3 and 4 combined)


Eileen: How should we get the information. Shall i send out my thoughts in ana email

Surya: Wiki could be used

Eileen: Structured wiki with categories to be added and edited by the entire Storage group may be the solution  

Eileen: In the consortium meeting we should find out if end users don't feel that they belong to the or they do not find it interesting. This is something we may want to find out  

Surya: What we need to do is that during the BOF to advertize TGStorage and characterize the end users (users/developers/users-developers)

Abhishek: We should add site administrators as a seperate groups along side users. In the past we have not seen many users on the TG Storage groups. Maybe if it can be rechartered and have representatives from the site admin/users/developers group in the meeting it would be good.

Eileen: It would be difficult to enforce attendance. There will be a core group of people who would attend everytime...and then rest of the group attends as per needs basis


To do things: 

1. Brain storming list (Eileen)
2. Put BOF on the agneda (Eileen)
3. Instructions for ws.rc (Surya)

