%META:TOPICINFO{author="PaulSheldon" date="1159827172" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+Storage Technical Group Minutes, 10/02/06


---++ Attending

Surya Pathak, Paul Sheldon, David Meyers, Eileen Berman, Rob Kennedy, Alex Sim


---++ Meeting Summary

---+++ time for the meeting

eileen will send around suggested other times. arie shoshani would like to
come and cannot make it on monday's at 11 central time.   we will keep this
time as the working time until some agreement can be found.

surya - anytime is fine
david - thursdays are bad
rob - anytime is fine
alex - every 2-3 weeks monday is bad, tuesday and friday are bad, wednesday is
       best in the afternoon., monday afternoon good too.


---+++ consortium meeting 

paul will send email to frank asking for the talk about the outcome of the
storage parallel session at the osg consortium meeting

[[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=500][Frank's talk]] is now in the OSG document database.

eileen - where are there fte's available to do work requested for SE's wrt OSG.

paul - you have to leverage other work.

David - at ligo, looking at joint develpment with ucsd.  to integrate srm
with ligo's vds work flows.  we use vdt. we are looking at using future OSG
software stack when it is mature for ligo activities. gadu uses the vds too.
we would like to interoperate with other srm capable storage management 
schemes.

---+++ sc06

sp - lbnl booth will have an interoperability demo showing data movement
between 6-7 srm servers talking between themselves. e.g. vanderbilt, fnal,
cern... with different storage elements underneath.
specifics will be know later.

david - there are no plans to show the work above for ligo at sc06.

alex - we are doing a demo in the booth for storage verification. - the srm 
tester. the title is 

"Tool for validating compatibility and interoperability of Storage Resource 
Managers (SRMs) for heterogeneous storage systems" 

this includes 3 us and 4 european sites for the demo. only for v2.2 of srm.


---+++ future meetings 

eileen will circulate franks talk from the consortium meeting.  we will discus
it next time.

eileen will have anne and forrest come and talk next meeting about the 
documentation effort and any requirements from storage TG.

paul we should come up with action items and assign names and send it around.

- Eileen