%META:TOPICINFO{author="PaulSheldon" date="1150384036" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  06/15/06


---++ AGENDA

(1) Announcement:  OSG dCache workshop July 17 (?)

(2) SE on OSG "How-To" Discussion - Surya, David
	* the beginnings of a page is at:  http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/OSGSRMUserExperience

(3) !UltraLight SE testing activity - Surya
	* SE testing from a users point of view
	* possible source of SEs for generic users to test against

(4) SE Support - revisit our model - led by Eileen

(5) Report from SE interoperability meeting - Timur 


---++ Attending
<!--	* Eileen Berman, Jon Bakken, Timur Perlmutov (FNAL)
	* David Myers (LIGO)
	* Alex Sim (LBNL)
	* Abhishek Rana (UCSD)
	* Surya Pathak, Paul Sheldon (Vanderbilt)  -->


---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ SE on OSG "How To" Discussion

---+++ !UltraLight SE Testing Activity

---+++ SE Support Discussion

---+++ SE Interoperability Meeting

