%META:TOPICINFO{author="PaulSheldon" date="1146497389" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  04/26/06


---++ AGENDA

(1) Introduce new group co-chair (Eileen Berman, FNAL)

(2) Set New Meeting Time  
	 (Eileen is unable to attend at current time)

(3) Eileen's Questions 
	 (she has compiled a list of questions for us).
	* What are the goals of the group (from a high level)?
	* What are the deliverables?
	* Who are the customers?
	* What are the responsibilities of the group?
	* What is the mechanism for feeding back to OSG and the customers?
	* Who attends the meeting (customers, developers....)?
	* What is the purpose of the meeting?
	* How does the group maintain its stride with OSG? 

---++ Attending
	* John Bakken and Eileen Berman  (FNAL)
	* Alex Sim  LBNL
	* Kent Blackburn and David Myers (LIGO/Caltech)
	* Ann Chervenak (USC) 
	* Surya Pathak and Paul Sheldon (Vanderbilt)


---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ New Meeting Time

Thursdays (bi-weekly) at 11:30am central time

Next meeting: 5/11/06


---+++ Eileen questions and discussion:

(1) What are goals of this group in general?  What is high level goal?

David:  LIGO applications are data intensive, need stronger
management for production level science in OSG.
Short term:  interoperability.  testing workflows that use
SRM/DRM and SRM/dCache SEs.
A somewhat more complex issue: they need hooks that don't
exist in current implementations, this has to be worked out.

Alex: scope of group?  this is a technical group.  We should
be developing a roadmap for storage within OSG.  discuss common issues
that apply to SEs such as testing, etc.

(2) No responsibility to write code?  

Alex:  no, not as a TG.

(3) Planning operations?

Alex:  if we provide a roadmap, details can be worked out withing
the working groups

(4) Collecting information on who is providing services?  Are we
providing services?  What SEs are there on the OSG?  are there
shared goals?  Deliverables?

Surya: would like to see testing be a part of what we do.

Alex:  we should actively provide information about storage that
OSG can use.  Deliverables can be any SRM implementation.
Interoperability tests should be scheduled and SE providers should
be asked to participate.  There should be (and is) a set of tests
that an SE should have to pass.  We should provide and update these
tests. 
We should also publish a set of metrics and tests that any SE tests
itself against.

(5) Coordinating with OSG

each TG-storage meeting should have a report of information from
other OSG meetings.  Liason/communication activity.

----------------

It was decided that Eileen and Paul would meet to discuss the responses
to Eileen's questions and report back on their conclusions at the next
meeting.


-- Main.PaulSheldon - 01 May 2006

