%META:TOPICINFO{author="PaulSheldon" date="1146498237" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ STORAGE TECHNICAL GROUP Minutes,  03/15/06

---++ AGENDA

We need to address the practical issues that Ruth and Frank have
raised.  There are issues not being addressed.  Some not at all,
some inadequately.

What are main issues w.r.t storage?

---+++ Possible Categories
	1 Software Development
	1 Software Support (office hours, etc.)
	1 Operational Testing:  is deployed Storage working?
	1 Operational Monitoring:  how much is where?  what transfers are taking place?
	1 OSG Contributions
	* Technical roadmap and deliverables for OSG releases
	* Functional testing prior to release
	* Tracking issues by attending ITB and Provisioning meetings
	* reporting to OSG at the weekly ops meetings

---++ Attending


	* Andy Kowalski and Sandy Philpott	(JLab)
	* David Meyers (Caltech)
	* Jon Bakken (Fermilab)
	* Eric Hjort, Arie Shoshani and Alex Sim (LBNL)
	* Alan Sill (Texas Tech)
	* Ann Chervenak (USC)
	* Abhishek Rana (UCSD)
	* Surya Pathak and Paul Sheldon (Vanderbilt)

---++ MEETING SUMMARY

---+++ Software Development

The storage meetings tend to focus on development issues primarily because
this is who attends the meetings.

Andy K. raised the issue of requirements and compatibility.  Arie pointed
out that Timur is organizing with European collaborators a workshop to develop
requirements that they need, to make sure they are met.  Arie welcomed
others, from groups that are deploying SRM, for example, that have requirements
that are not being met.  We will try to solicit input on this before the
next meeting.

---+++ Software Support

There seemed to be general support for the idea of some sort of "office hours"
from storage element developers such as Alex at LBNL, Timur at FNAL, etc.
However, there was also a concensus that users of SE software should feel
free to contact the relevant developers directly via e-mail for support.  The
feeling was that this would lead to more immediate help.

The concensus seemed to be that if users want to ask questions at Storage
Meetings they should feel free to do so.  They should send their questions
to me (Paul Sheldon) prior to the next meeting, and I will put them on the agenda.
These will be discussed at the end of each meeting, so that those who want to
stay can do so (and listen to the discussion) but those who want to leave may.
Also, prior notice can be helpful to make sure that the relevant developer
is present at the meeting.

---+++ Operational Testing and Monitoring

The testing software in many cases exists (for example, for SRM) but someone
has to run it.  There is no ongoing activity for testing the ongoing
functionality of SE's on the OSG.  This is related to the issue of monitoring.
The jClarens people are working with the Fermilab dCache people and with Alex
(for DRM) to develop better monitoring of SEs on the OSG.  Existing tools can
find out what every SRM has available.  Totals are reported now, and a dynamic
reporting tool is in progress.  DRM info is supposed to be available through
the jClarens website.  It was also pointed that the ACDC dashboard shows
data movement and we might inquire with the Buffalo people how this is
done.

The issue here clearly is still manpower:  there is noone who has clearly
stepped up to this group and "taken ownership" of this issue.

It was also pointed out that we need a use case (or use cases) to help define
more clearly what is needed in terms of reporting.  What decisions might
be made based on what is reported?

As for operational testing, Alan asked if Gridcat did this already. It was
suggested it we get Leigh Grundhoefer, Bockjoo Kim, or Shaowen Wang (Iowa)
to attend a meeting to discuss this.

The Vanderbilt group is preparing a series of tests of a new storage element
(SRM/L-Store), part of these tests will involve interoperablity tests with
other SRM storage elements.  It is possible that the testing framework they
are developing might also be useful here.

---+++ OSG Contributions

The sentiment was raised that it is up to the Storage TG to tell OSG what the
future is for storage, etc.  But that it is up to the OSG to define what they
want, intend to use...  The Storage TG group needs an
OSG technical roadmap and goals of what they want for storage.

It was suggested that it might be very useful to invite Ruth or Frank to
attend the next meeting.


-- Main.PaulSheldon - 01 May 2006

