%META:TOPICINFO{author="TedHesselroth" date="1198092844" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
Ted Hesselroth, Tanya Levshina, Neha Sharma, Alex Sim, Abhishek Rana.

---+++ Discussion

Open Tickets  - Neha

Two new tickets:
   * 4297  Bockjoo Kim reported that write operations are taking a long time. Logs show gridftp delayed in the "offset" function. Suggestions made from the osg-storage list; will monitor.
   * No number yet - srmcp not working if no port is specified. Alex stated that there is no requirement for clients to do so. Neha will check whether the feature is actually broken in srmcp, or simply not supported. Will forward to developers as either a bug report or feature request, depending.


Installation - Ted

dCache Gratia probes not ready to be bundled. The probe rpms had problems and Chris Green is working on them. Neha will test them at that point. Brian Bockelman got his running but found other problems - Greg Sharp has been informed.

Ted reported that <nop>SrmWatch install and bundling of jdk1.6 are in Release Candidate 1. Space reservation with implied reservations turned off does work. Waiting to release based on Neha trying the scripts on the ITB stand, however, as of today installation is stuck in rpm unpack. Ted will investigate. Discussion of authorization and opportunistic storage. Need to specify every subgroup of a VO in the authorization file. Developers may make a wildcard for that. Reservations intended for an area reserved for a VO may end up in the opportunistic area. Solutions are for VO-specific reservations to be made by site admins, or to not use wildcards for opportunistic reservations. Ted will investigate.


Testing - Tanya

Finding bugs in replica manager and working with Alex Kulyavtsev. Investigating incorrect pool space reporting. Neha will make test plan and scripts for Fermilab clients starting in January. Ted will make test plan and scripts for lcg-utils. New clients should be in the test VDT package used in ITB testing. Ted will continue work on Space Manager test plan and scripts.

Gridworks test stand will be upgraded by Neha to 1.8.0-9. It will be an rpm upgrade only, not using RC1 scripts. This will allow Tanya to validate replica manager.

Andrew Baranovski will start working in OSG Storage in January and will install Bestman, then start on evaluation of xrootd.


Tools - Abhishek

Abhishek will start a discussion on osg-storage on the space reservation cleaner tool, specifically on how automated to make it. Atlas sites will be contacted specifically as well. Ted will send Abhishek a tarball of the python script written by Greg. To support the UCSD test stand participating in GSSD tests, Abhishek will be a first user of Anand Padmanabhan's static GIP dialog and is in contact with Anand. We will ask Anand about publishing space token information through the dialog.


Extensions - Ted

Bug found in gPlazma wherein interpretation of email field in DN by 3rd party library may have changed. Tanya suggested that new glite package may be used.

Bestman - Alex

Writing support material for training class. Ted asked that opportunistic storage be put explicitly in Bestman OSG WBS. Ted will add WBS to Gantt chart.


---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
%STARTSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
%EDITTABLE{ header="| *Item* | *Lead Person* | *Date* |" format="| textarea, 4x36, | text, 36, | date |" changerows="on"}% 
|*Item*|*Lead Person*|*Date*|
| test | test person | 4 December 2006 |

%ENDSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TedHesselroth - 19 Dec 2007
