%META:TOPICINFO{author="TedHesselroth" date="1181848266" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
Ted Hesselroth, Neha Sharma, Michael Zalokar, John Rosheck, Gregory Sharp, Anand Padmanabhan, Eric, Will Meier.

---+++ Discussion

Progress in open tickets was reported on. These are all the open tickets:

<verbatim>
3628    UERJ - Missing CAs in dCache setup
3614    BNL - SRM advisory delete not working
3611    FNAL - pool accounts needed for dteam in dcache.kpwd
3345    Fermigrid - request for help in setting up gPlazma authorization.
2582    CHI - dcache vdt installation error.
2586    CHI - suggested patch for installer script vdt-dcache-SL4_32-1.1.4
</verbatim>

A few changes to the glue schema 1.3 implementation were discussed. It was decided to

1. Use Alex Sim's suggestion of not putting the Path in Endpoint for ControlProtocol, though "SFN=" will be included.
2. Enter it into Path in StorageArea instead.
3. For compatibility with 1.2, create a StorageArea for each VO using the old schema, and a generic StorageArea with VOInfo subelements for the 1.3 schema.
4. Continue to include AccessProtocol as a transition to using ControlProtocol only.


Grep Sharp asked about the progress of the Gratia probe packaging. Michael Zalokar in in the process of setting up testing. It was decided that Michael would proceed to packaging the probe for testing at UCSD.



---++ Decisions / To-dos / Follow-Ups
These need to be tracked also

<verbatim>
3626 CIT - gPlazma authorization timeouts
3629  OSG - Volatile Space Reservations in SRM-dCache
</verbatim>

%ENDSECTION{name="ActionItemList" type="section"}%
---++ Created by:
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- Main.TedHesselroth - 14 Jun 2007
