%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1248202386" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, July 21, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Discuss state of RSV for OSG 1.2 and policies for upcoming future updates and testing.

---++ Attendeess
   * Altunay, Mine
   * Fraser, Dan
   * Gopu, Arvind
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Quick, Rob
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ RSV
Dan started off the phone call. He wanted to make sure we're all on the same page for deployment of new RSV probes. Dan wants to talk to Burt and make sure everyone is happy. 

Clarification of the state of RSV: In OSG 1.2, RSV can bring down the latest probes, there are two RSV caches for production and testing. Probes are not put into the production cache until they've gone through ITB testing. 

We discussed the need for testing. Right now it's not easy for the VDT to test unreleased RSV probes, but we all agreed that we will make it happen soon. We want to use the existing VDT infrastructure to test RSV probese. Rob made a clear statement that he wants probes to go through exact same testing mechanism that VDT goes through. They are committed to making sure that happens. We'll work on this after OSG 1.2 is released.

We need to determine version of probes. Arvind and Rob agreed to make it happen. 

Suchandra asked if there is a procedure to withdraw a probe from the distribution when it's no longer needed, or if there are problems that require it's removal. Will it be done on an ad-hoc basis? Per-probe basis? Since this is a rare case, it will be ad-hoc for now.

We talked about the update mechanism. Alain's understanding was that the end goal was described by Miron some time ago, and we should allow users to select what probes are installed (particularly if they want probes not needed by everyone, such as VO-specific probes) and what versions of the probes they have; and the current mechanism is a step in the right direction. Arvind's main goal was to use an alternative mechanism from Pacman for updating RSV to hopefully make it more reliable and allow people to more confidently get the latest versions. Alain still wants to see the full goal implemented.

We talked about getting other people to write probes. Both security and gratia teams have done so, and Tanya indicated interest in having the OSG Storage group write storage-related probes.

We talked about inaccurate supported VO information at a site, but agreed that it wasn't germane to the RSV issues at hand.
