%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481048003" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Trash/SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, June 23, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Discuss Anand's banning tool<br>Reference: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CentralBanning][Design of central banning tool]]

---++ Apologies 
Alain apologized for the lack of recent Software Tools Group meetings.

---++ Central banning tool
Reference: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CentralBanning][Design of central banning tool]]

Goal: Security team can put list of FQANs and DNs to assist sites in banning known banned users. Sites will not required to use this service, but hopefully will because it will benefit them. Due to technology restrictions, we cannot ban specific certificates via serial numbers, but only FQANs and DNs. 

The EGGE authorization service is far enough in the future that we should implement a central banning tool sooner, according to Mine.

Recommendations to improve the design document. Anand, Mine, and others will act on these.
   * We need to decide if we implement the central service as a custom service or as a VOMS server. It would be nice to use VOMS (no new service) but we might not be able to sign the content of the VO list.
   * We need to decide if the content will be signed, how it will be signed (X509 vs. PGP), and how the signing keys or DNs will be distributed. Note that PGP is already in use by the security team, but using PGP adds a software requirement, and possibly a complexity in development.
   * We need to specify what happens when can't contact the central server: do we keep the existing list? For how long? 
   * We need to specify how the list from the central service is merged with the local configuration and white list. Where and how is the white list specified?
   * We need to specify whether this will be implemented in GUMS or as an external program that edits the GUMS configuration. This needs to be done in consultation with the GUMS team (Jay Packard and John Hover).
   * The document should discuss why we don't simply remove the user from all VOs. We have an answer: it takes longer to work with all of the VOs, so this is a quicker reaction and it requires less interaction.

Rob Quick is happy to run this as a central service, whether it is a VOMS server or something based on a web-page. He'll work with the security team to ensure that they can update it as needed. It will *not* be a critical service, and we won't ask the GOC to guarantee the kind of up time that a critical service requires.

Anand is looking into the EGEE authorization service right now, and should be up to speed by the end of July. No one in OSG will work on this before August. Security blueprint will discuss the central banning tool vs. the authorization service, then will come to STG to finalize the plans.

---++ Attendees
   * Altunay, Mine
   * Levshina, Tanya 
   * Padmanabhan, Anand
   * Quick, Rob
   * Roy,  Alain 
   * Thapa, Suchandra