%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285789" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Trash/SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates
| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, October 6, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Discuss Storage Discovery Tool (with Ted)
   * Discuss proposed license for all OSG developed software. (See Alain's proposal as an attachment to this page)

---++ Attendees
   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Hesselroth, Ted
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Apologies for not attending
   * Altunay, Mine (Had to attend another meeting)

---++ License
We talked about the license proposal, which can be found at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Meeting20091006/license-proposal.txt 

Brief summary: Alain proposed using the Apache license, partly because it's open source, partly because it's widely used in our community (Condor, Globus, gLite), ad partly because he just likes it. 

Brian said that he likes the Apache license and is all in favor. 

Tanya wondered about it because Fermilab  uses the BSD license. Alain is already in contact with Eileeen Berman from Fermilab to understand the interaction here. 

Copyright seems to be the least understood part here, so Alain will do more investigation. For reference, he'll check with Globus and Condor to see what they do for copyright. Brian will check with Hadoop. We may check with a lawyer as appropriate. 

---++ Storage Discovery Tool

Ted says that he's been able to address comments made by Alain about last version, except for the appropriate output if there is no match. 

Alain expressed concern over the caching because it requires the users to understand and decide on the policy of how to cache the data, and to explicitly force it to happen. This could be a source for errors. Ted agreed.

Brian suggested that it's important that we get out a release soon, even if the caching isn't perfect. So we agreed on the following sequence of events:

   1. Ted will fix a know bug and force the tools to update the cache if it's more than a day old. 
   1. Ted will pass off the source code to the VDT along with instructions for building it. 
   1. The VDT will make a test cache with the software
   1. We'll try it out again and give Ted another round of feedback.
   1. Ted will make required changes.
   1. We'll push a release out to users. 

Someone asked what chunk of the OSG software stack this should be in. We agreed that it should be in client portion now. It's possible that it will be needed on the worker nodes, but Alain is reluctant to expand the complexity of the worker node installation unless it's needed, so we'll wait until we have users requests for the putting this into the worker node. 

We noted that the BDII is hard-coded right now, so Ted will make that configurable before the release. 

Tanya says that there are no immediate drivers for a release, but it will definitely be needed "soon". 

---++ rsv-control
Marco has checked rsv-control into the GOC's Subversion repository. 

Brian is offering lots of little Python changes to improve the code. He noted that one file (alt-logging.py) is not checked in and Marco will look at it.

Brian says that CMS strongly prefers we distribute RSV as a tarball. If we must use Subversion, they would prefer to use VDT-hosted Subversion server rather than a GOC-hosted Subversion server.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="license-proposal.txt" attachment="license-proposal.txt" attr="" comment="" date="1254752602" path="license-proposal.txt" size="15373" stream="license-proposal.txt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp21544" user="AlainRoy" version="1"}%
