%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285789" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Trash/SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, April 14, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Review Gabriele's request to transfer responsibility for RSV probe on !AuthZ site check from VO Services to STG. 
   * Discuss CMS's need to advertise a CE or SE downtime in the BDII (with Burt Holzman)
   * Welcome Marco to the Software Tools Group, discuss work for Marco.
   * Review of [[%ATTACHURL%/CMSFeedbackForYear3OSG-3-status-April1st2009.doc][latest CMS requirements document]]

---++ Attendees
   * Altunay, Mine
   * Holzman, Burt
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Review Gabriele's request to transfer responsibility for RSV probe on AuthZ site check from VO Services to STG. 

The STG will watch over the need for the RSV probe. It is item #40 [[AllRequirements][on our list of tracked requirements]].

---++ Discuss CMS's need to advertise a CE or SE downtime in the BDII

CMS needs a one-stop place to indicate down-time and have it reflected in the BDII. A site should show up as "offline" if it is publishing but not available. There is no need to show up in the BDII when offline and not publishing data (because the software isn't running). 

Ideally, there touch one place to indicate. Ideally, this information would be in OIM, which already knows because site administrators are already publishing there. 

We have three options:

   1. Have the local GIP query OIM. This feels funny because it means that for local site information to be published, we rely on a central service. But it is a relatively simple implementation and fulfills CMS's requirements. 
   1. Have it filtered at the GOC: the GOC could edit the online/offline status based on the OIM data. There are two problems with this: 
      1. The site is advertised based on information that is centrally available, so it may be out of sync.
      1. This information won't be in ReSS. Right now that is not a requirement, but it would be nice if ReSS had the same information.
   1. Have a local tool that locally informs the GIP that the site is offline, and notifies OIM. There are three problems with this
      1. It's a change in how site administrators advertise that their site is down.
      1. It requires a new tool, and maybe a new API to OIM.
      1. The information is duplicated: what if it's out of sync? 

Alain will follow up with Miron and others to see what we route we prefer.

Mine asked if this is related to advertising drain-off, which CMS also requires. Burt says that he talked to Frank yesterday, and they may drop the need for advertising a drain-off state because an "offline" state may be all that is needed in practice.

Mine asked if there was a way to announce downtimes currently. Burt answered for CE, we have a script that can achieve this; for SE, configuration variable must be reset to announce downtime. This is difficult for the site admin. 

Mine asked when announcing downtime, should site admin write down expected uptime. Burt said no. 

---++ Discuss plans regarding GIP with Burt
Alain asked whether we should discuss GIP future plans soon. Burt said next release is in 6 weeks. Mine is not against meeting in the 6 week but all agree we cannot ask for any changes for this release. 

Action item: set up a STG meeting with Burt after condor week.

Mine asked whether the glue schema change from 1.2 to 2 will affect CMS and if so which attributes. This will be discussed at the next meeting.  

---++ Work for Marco

Alain asked if Rob or Marco have constraints on the kind of work that Marco does. Marco wasn't aware of any, and wasn't aware of a need for the work to be focused on ATLAS needs. We would like to hear from Rob to be sure. Alain has emailed Rob.

Two tasks were proposed for Marco:

   1. Provide the GOC with RSV or OIM help, if needed. Rob Quick is on vacation, so we'll check with him next week. We are aware that adding a person to a project may not always help due to training and additional communication, but if there is a way for him to be helpful with RSV, we think it would be a good use of Rob's time.
   1. CMS has requested a site-wide monitoring portal. Alain understands what the initial version should look like, and thinks that it can be done in about a week by Marco. It's also likely to be useful by a lot of sites and users, not just CMS. Marco is cool with this idea, and Alain will write it up. 

---++ Review of latest CMS requirements document

We reviewed the latest CMS requirements document, updated our [[AllRequirements][online requirements tracking page]. There are also some action items below that resulted from this discussion. 

---++ New Action Items
| *Person* | *Action* | *Comments* |
| Alain | Write up discussion about advertising offline status, share with people STG, Miron, Burt. | |
| Alain | Schedule time to talk about GIP changes in the future | |
| Alain | Write up site monitoring portal work for Marco | | 
| Mine | Email RSV team about historical trends in RSV | |
| Alain | Contact Frank W. about CMS's need for a mutually compatible environment for gLite UI and OSG client |
| Alain | Ask Frank W. about glideinWMS scheduling need, and drain-off need | |
| Mine | inquire whether MS is happy with current availability/reliability metrics reported to WLCG | |
| Mine | ask Frank about space accounting requirement | |
| Mine | ask about the changes from accounting metric SI2000 to SI2006 | |
| Mine | improvements in visualization of Gratia data. ask Frank W about the request in detail and check if it is already completed  | |

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="CMSFeedbackForYear3OSG-3-status-April1st2009.doc" attachment="CMSFeedbackForYear3OSG-3-status-April1st2009.doc" attr="" comment="" date="1239656245" path="CMSFeedbackForYear3OSG-3-status-April1st2009.doc" size="39936" stream="CMSFeedbackForYear3OSG-3-status-April1st2009.doc" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp11429" user="AlainRoy" version="1"}%
