%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285789" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Trash/SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, February 3, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Discuss CMS' site monitoring requirements
   * Review action items from last meeting.
   * Review revised !MyOSG plan.

---++ Attendees
   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Gopu, Arvind
   * Livny, Miron
   * Quick, Rob
   * Roy, Alain
   * Soichi, 
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Wuerthwein, Frank

---++ CMS' site monitoring requirements. 
In requirements (from last summer) CMS asked for a site (not central) monitoring portal. We haven't done it and have missed the deadline. Frank and Brian joined the STG phone call today to discuss what is needed, and how to move ahead.

Motivation: We should acknowledge that there are lots of monitoring capabilities that we have today. With very little effort, Frank thinks could have a very useful service for sites and users: we could provide a web site per OSG site that has that site's existing monitoring available. We should require each and every site to have such a page, and the GOC could publish (via OIM or MyOSG) links to these, so users can find them. There might be any number of things in this monitoring portal, including:
   * RSV status
   * Local Gratia information
   * SRM Watch
   * dCache billing information (if dCache is in use)
   * Links to OSG monitoring services, OIM, MyOSG
   * Extra stuff that a site might want to put in.

One of the complications here is that we don't know how to help site administrators build something like this that covers an entire site. It's easy for us to do this within a single VDT installation, but harder to do something that covers a whole site.

For an initial version, it would be sufficient to make this require manual effort from site administrators, particularly to get information beyond what is in a VDT installation. 

Initially this might not benefit seasoned site administrators as much as newer site administrators and end users. However, it might help us change how we think about sites: because they have autonomy and take care of themselves, it's good for us to help them take care of their whole site.

Frank/USCMS thinks this is high priority to start soon, but it doesn't have to be perfect or fancy in the initial version. It's more important to get the ball rolling and not let it drop. 

Miron agreed that this is a very good idea.

---++ Review revised !MyOSG plan
Rob revised teh !MyOSG plan. Soichi is working on his changes to !MyOSG, but is worried it might take a bit more than one FTE week. He does think it will be done by the all-hands meeting. Rob is working on setting up discussion about !MyOSG at the all-hands meeting, and we'll develop the list of requirements afterwards.

---++ Review of action items
At the [[Meeting20090120][last meeting]] we had the following action items. 

| *Person* | *State* | *Action* | *Comments* |
| Rob | Done | Update !MyOSG plan by next Tuesday. Include timeline, requirements due to VORS | | 
| Rob | Done | Distribute updated plan to OSG Software Tools Group as well as Abhishek, Brian, and others | | 
| Soichi | In Progress | Spend approximately one week between now and OSG all-hands meeting (March 2), implementing prototype consolidators | May take more than one week? | 

---++ New Action Items
| *Person* | *Action* |
| Alain | Learn about SRM Watch. What is it? Ask Frank for reference |
| Alain | Talk to Arvind about his ideas for implementing the site portal | 

---++ Next meeting
Our next meeting will be [[Meeting20090217][February 17, 2009]] at 9:00am Central Time. 