%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1256137076" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates
| <b>Date</b> | *Wednesday*, October 21, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Discuss [[RequirementsFromSoftProviders][Software Provider Requirements]]
   * Discuss state of OIM
      * Did we meet Year 3 goals?
      * What goals do we have for Year 4?
      * Are CMS & ATLAS needs for OIM met or planned for?

---++ Attendees
   * Gopu, Arvind
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Quick, Rob
   * Roy, Alain

---++ Software Provider Requirements
Alain and Tanya talked briefly about the  [[RequirementsFromSoftProviders][software provider requirements]]--Tanya agreed to look them over and provide comment.

---++ OIM

---+++ Did we meet Year 3 goals? 
Rob is pretty sure we did, but he needs to double-check the OIM Year 3 plan.

---+++ What goals do we have for Year 4? 
Keep OIM consistent and stable, with no major renovations. The OIM team wants it to be used in production. They will do bug fixes and consider feature requests. They have added "field of science" this year. 

Arvind noted that the "topology" of OSG is changing. (Topolgy means things like "A Facility has Sites which have Compute Elements, and  Support Centers owned by VOs. Could use the word schema.) For example, they have added submit nodes to OIM recently. If more changes are needed, then management needs to give input. And vice-versa, sometimes changes are needed and they will bounce them off of management to make sure the impact is acceptable. 

Brian Bockelman has made some requests about OIM. Arvind liked interaction with Brian better than STG--we can learn from Brian. We should make sure that requests for OIM are very clear, with priorities, etc. 

---+++ CMS/ATLAS
Not aware of any open requests from CMS or ATLAS. 

---+++ RSV
We talked briefly about RSV. Alain had questions about where the RSV code will be hosted in the future (the existing GOC subversion repository, or the VDT's subversion repository?) and about who will maintain the code that supports the writing of probes. Arvind and Rob will talk it over and get back to the STG soon. 
