%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1254284034" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates
| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, September 29, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Status check on rsv-control, from Marco
   * Transitioning rsv-control back to RSV development team
   * Revisit distribution of RSV probes, especially regarding CMS's request not to use new "Subversion installation". 
   * Upcoming plans for RSV during Year 4. 
   * Problems with sending RSV reports: operational or software?

---++ Attendees
   * Altunay, Mine
   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Gopu, Arvind
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra
   * Quick, Rob

---++ Status check on rsv-control 

Marco tells us that he's working on documentation, clean up, and bug fixes. Can be given to the VTB for testing within a day or two. 

Brian has minor Python suggestions, mostly stylistic, and they will be easier to tackle now before it is tested and distributed. 

Has it been tested against Python 2.2? No, only 2.3. 

Brian is a bit fuzzy on the big picture. Would have preferred not a monolithic scripts. Would have liked a library with things calling into it. Marco's suggestion: osg/lib/python directory for most of the stuff, rsv-control calling into it. Alain points out that we have a place for Python libraries, so Marco will talk to Scot about it. 

Brian had a question about how to bootstrap condor-cron. rsv-control doesn't enable/ or disable condor-cron, and it knows the location of condor-cron because it's in a consistent lcoation relative to $VDT_LOCATION.

Arvind suggests that Marco should address his concerns and Iwona's concerns before release, or clearing documenting known problems so that testers know what to expect. 

Unit tests. We haven't yet thought about it. Brian makes good point: if you think about unit tests early, the structure of your code will be different. Perhaps something for phase 2 because we are so close to release. 

Arvind warned about editing production directories. He also suggests two kinds of tests for users to be able to initiate: with and without condor-cron. 

---++ Transitioning rsv-control back to RSV development team

Our original plan was for rsv-control to be initially developed by the STG/Marco while the RSV team finished up RSV version 3 for OSG 1.2. Clearly, we've slipped a lot in our release date, in part because Marco was busy with other things before the OSG 1.2 release. But the plan was for rsv-control to go back to the GOC after the initial release was done. We're approaching that time now. 

Rob thinks that RSV would be enhanced by having someone outside of the GOC working on the client side tools, with the GOC just taking care of some of the probes and central collection of RSV data.

Arvind agrees with Rob's suggestion.  rsv-control should go to RSV development team. Traditionally GOC has lead the RSV development group with contributions from Scot and others. He would like this, but with someone else leading the development. Arvind would also like the GOC to get out of probe development, except for probes the GOC has expertise with (like BDII). Rob agrees with this. 

Who would do the work? Marco? VDT? STG? To be decided. 

Need to agree on continued maintenance, process for updating or adding probes (particularly ones not owned by the GOC) etc. Ran out of time today to decide all of this. 

Mine likes idea. No disagreement. Alain likes it too, but thinks we need to talk to the Executive Team to plan who will do the work. 

---++ Distribution of RSV probes

Shortly before the release of OSG 1.2, CMS (represented by Burt Holzman) expressed concern about the new distribution method for RSV, and requested that we revert to the old methodology of distributing it in the same way as the rest of the VDT. 

Arvind expressed concern that this request is based on paranoia rather than facts. No problems other than lack of ability to use an HTTP proxy have been found. That said, Arvind could give the VDT a tarball with everything. He sees nothing to lose by doing this. 

Suchandra has seen failures due to Subversion failures (conflicts found) when probes are modified. We agree that generally people shouldn't modify probes, but people do--it's a fact of life. 

People scared by site administrators editing things. Should we validate that we're running the probes we think we're running? For WLCG availability metrics, we should know if we're advertising what we think. 

Brian represented CMS's concerns since Burt was unable to attend. CMS has two main issues. (1) It was possible for the update to happen at configuration time. This has been fixed. Some trust was lost due to it haveing been done though. (2) The process for getting things into updates has not been clearly documented, so it's not understood. (After the meeting, Arvind shared [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/MonitoringInformation/ReleaseMethodology][documentation on the release process]]. 

Alain asks if reverting to the old mechanism actually makes a lot of sense if ownership of the client side of RSV leaves the GOC. Arvind agrees to make the change if desired.

The conversation wasn't fully resolved, in part because Alain had to leave the meeting. 

---++ Problems with sending RSV reports: operational or software?

Mine was worried about earlier problems with sending RSV reports: is it an operational problem or a software problem. Rob says it's an operational problem. He points out that an RSV SLA is being developed, and it address RSV reports. 

---++ Gratia RSV probe

Who owns the responsibility? Alain says he halted VDT testing and Brian gave a patch to Arvind. Brian says his patch was for probe content not for the configuration
part. Brian applied the patch and tested it.

For the configuration component, Scot made some improvement. Arvind tested it.

Mine said we need end-end testing of these two components. Brian said we should start with VTB testing then move to ITB. Suchandra can start ITB testing by the end of this week and if all goes well it should be tested by the end of next week.

---++ Upcoming plans for Year 4

Rob Quick will write a list of items needed to be finished in the next year. 

Brian Bockelman commented that this is not the final plan. The final plan will be written by STG and RSV development team.

---++ Action Items
   * [Alain, Mine] Propose plan for ownership of client portion of RSV, discuss with relevant parties.
   * [Alain, Mine] Propose plan for distribution of RSV, discuss with relevant parties. 
   * [Alain] Push on dropping RHEL 3, to simplify life for rsv-control.
   * [Rob] Draft initial Year 4 plan for RSV. Question: how does this mesh with ownership change of client portion of RSV? 
