%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985966" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Meeting, 27-Oct-2008
---++ Phone Coordinates

Phone Number: 510-665-5437

Meeting ID: 4321

Time: Monday, 27-Oct-2008, 9:00am Central Time
---++ Agenda

1) Discuss [[About][OSG Software Tools Group Description]]

2) Discuss the [[PlansTimelines][RSV Year 3 Plan]]

3) Should we select a different time to meet?

---++ Minutes

---+++ Attendees
 Mine Altunay<br /> Rob Gardner<br /> Tanya Levshina<br /> Anand Padmanabhan<br /> Alain Roy<br /> Rob Quick<br /> Suchandra Thapa

---+++ RSV Year 3 Plan

Most people have not had a chance to read the RSV Year 3 plan yet, because it was sent out late on Friday. Therefore Rob Quick walked us through the highlights of the plan.

Right now, the plan is a draft, and they have details they will use to flesh out the document. Rob will provide an updated document by Friday, October 31, and it will include these details, as well as feedback from us.

One of the biggest pushes in this plan is to have RSV replace VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS (via the Dashboard).

Several things will happen with the probes.
   * The security group will be involved with security probes 
   * We need two things for WLCG equivalency. 
      * A new probe to go to worker node and test it. (may not be listed in current version of document.) 
      * A probe to check if a site is reporting to the BDII 
      * (Question from the audience: Can we get copy of WLCG requirements? We'd like to see it. Rob will circulate it.) 
   * Mechanism to update to current probe set. Not automatic. 
   * Mechanism to execute probe manually 
   * Improve configuration with file, like OSG configuration file. 

Want to improve available calculation (for WLCG), with help from Brian Bockelman

Improved centralized web interface (as opposed to site web interface) in OSG Dashboard

Central GOC monitoring: not for WLCG reporting, but very double-checking and keeping an eye on things. Also monitor extra things like VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers and BDII. Who requested it? Rob Quick, because it's needed by GOC

Need some communication between OIM and RSV

Alain would like thoughts about ease of use of RSV (we get some complaints from site administrators about it), and reliability (people have some recurring problems with RSV). We're collecting data now on what those problems are, so they can be addressed. Also, if people want to run probes against dCache (for example), is it possible (and well-documented) for how they can install RSV without a CE, and select just the probes they want to run?

---+++ OSG Software Tools Group Description

People didn't have much time to read it over yet. Everyone will read it over this week and provide feedback by Friday, October 31st (Halloween!) Alain will revise it by Monday, November 3rd.

When we agree on the text, we'll send it to the Executive Team for feedback. We won't wait for approval though.

---+++ Meeting Times

We want to pick a new time to meet, to better accomodate Rob and Arvind, who will often attend to discuss RSV and/or the OSG Dashboard.

Help pick a new time for the next meeting (and successive meetings) by [[http://doodle.com/6ytixytn2xi3sc9t][using our Doodle]].