%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625637" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Trash/SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, February 17, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Review action items from last meeting.
   * Discuss WLCG Installed Capacity document and how it affects OSG software
   * Discuss Suchandra's VTB/ITB testing project
   * Meeting weekly?

---++ Attendees

   * Altunay, Mine
   * Arunachalam, Karthik
   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Livny, Miron
   * Pordes, Ruth
   * Quick, Rob
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Review of action items
At the [[Meeting20090203][last meeting]] we had the following action items:

| *Person* | *State* | *Action* | *Comments* |
| Alain | Done | Learn about SRM Watch. What is it? Ask Frank for reference | Talked to Tanya about it, who gave Alain a link to an example. |
| Alain | Done | Talk to Arvind about his ideas for implementing the site portal | Discussion was useful. |

---++ Discussion of WLCG Installed Capacity
Brian's thoughts, which we should all review.
https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=826
1 page summary
proposed requirements
proposed operational plans
proposed gratia deliverable

Brian told us that Installed Capacity tells us how to interpret the Glue schema for capacity information, but does not change the schema. The interpretation applies to Glue schema 1.3 (which we currently use) not Glue schema 2.0. 

What work needs to be done? Brian has a proposal.

1) Update GIP to speak same variant of glue as WLCG GIP.  Brian thinks it's an afternoon of work to update GIP, once he knows exactly what needs to be changed. (It's mostly right now.) He is waiting for WLCG verification scripts to help find that list of problems. 

2) We need different/more management oversight to ensure numbers we report to funding agencies and WLCG are correct. We want management to correct the numbers data, not just modify the "source" of the data and wait for new numbers to flow. This implies other changes.

3) Proposed: We want to filter the information automatically at operations, where should it happen? Before it gets into the BDII? Between our BDII and the WLCG BDII?

4) Proposed: Capacity Probe. Goes from BDII to Gratia, not from site to Gratia.  Record once per day, but to record capacity for whole day. Miron recommends thinking through how we convert samples to "record for the day".  *Requires*: impact statement on Gratia. Network bandwidth, querying frequency, and storage needs. 

5) Proposed: MM (Metrics & Measurements) Web Application. Allow management to edit how the filter script works. SecurityTeam and maintenance concerns. Not in the critical path, so STG recommends not doing it now.

Brian and Rob are going to collect more information, we'll talk again next week.

---++ Suchandra's ITB testing
Delayed to next meeting because Installed Capacity discussion took full meeting.

---++ Should we meet every week?
We asked if we should meet every week. Tentatively the answer is yes. We'll do a vote on the mailing list to verify this.

---++ New Action Items
1) Brian will find answers to the following questions: 
What numbers go to management vs. VOs?
Do funding agencies want to know resources used? 
Can we have separate data paths? One set of data (from OIM) to funding agency vs. another (sites/GIP) going to VOs. 
Can we take data from the OSG BDII? 

2) Rob will talk to James Casey about how we can deliver the data to WLCG.