%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1237328253" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, March 17, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Review action items
   * Progress report on state of RSV Version 3 development
   * Anand's probe discussions
      1. VO handshake probe for sites: This probe will tell if the site is contacting the correct VOMS servers periodically. There are lot of issues with implementation on this probe. These have been [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/RSVSecurityProbesPhase3V2#Probe_Implementation_Considerati][documented on the twiki]]. 
      2. Centralized voms availability probe: Future direction on this probe needs to be discussed. [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/RSVSecurityProbesPhase3V2#Implementation_Issues][Current Status and potential issues]]
      3. Deployment of the central probes at GOC: Most central security probes developed are documented at [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CentralizedRSVSecurityProbe][in the Twiki]] and are also in the GOC svn. They are currently deployed at https://osg-rsv.ncsa.uiuc.edu:8443/rsv/. We will like to discuss their deployment at the GOC.
   * Follow up on earlier discussions about MyOSG

---++ Attendees
   * Altunay, Mine
   * Basney, Jim
   * Hayashi, Soichi
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Padmanabhan, Anand
   * Roy, Alain
   * Quick, Rob
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Review of action items
No action items to review from our [[Meeting20090224][last meeting]].

---++ RSV Progress Report
RSV is a little bit behind in interim deadlines, but still expected to be on time for early May release. Both Arvind and Soichi are working meeting on deadline. Alain offered to provide early feedback on v3. Also if extra effort is needed, Rob Quick will let STG know.

Nagios--not worked on much yet, and it may be limited in this release. 

Subversion--probably still planned. Alain will follow up with Arvind and Soichi directly to talk them over.

GOC will run some probes centrally, in addition to probes continuing to run locally. OK as long as local probing still happens. Downside is that we are testing as "MIS VO", which may be less well supported by sites. But in fact, all working sites are properly supporting it.

---++ Anand's probe discussions
---+++VO handshake probe for sites

Probes goal is to tell if sites are regularly getting updated VO membership lists and from the right VOMS servers? Right now, detecting frequency of updates is hard because it's hidden within GUMS. It can be hard to detect difference between edg-mkgridmap and GUMS compatibility. Alain recommended talking to John Weigand (expert in this stuff) and the GUMS developers. 

Are sites getting correct VOMS servers? Hard for GUMS. [Anand] will contact Jay to see what can be passed off to Jay for Jay's GUMS probe

Should we expand requirements to check for individual failures? Mine suggests this just be discussed in OSG security group.

---+++Centralized voms availability probe
Basic check: is VOMS down hard? Yes, this should be centralized probe. We agree that this is a useful probe, even if it's not in-depth. The real question is whether or not the GOC will monitor it. They will. 

We will eventually want deeper probes. But everyone agrees that this shallow probe is what we want now. There were concerns that Arvind had voiced privately that this might not be useful, but he wasn't here to represent himself. [Rob] will check with Arvind to see what his concerns were.

---+++Deployment of the central probes at GOC
What is the plan for hosting the central security probes at the GOC? It will definitely be available by May 1, 2009. The GOC will work with Anand in April to make it happen. 

---++ OIM 
Everything up to the all-hands meeting is on-time, no problems. Release in mid-April. New interface (GUI and text-based interface) to OIM. Clean-up to schema. (Need to restructure tables and add new tables to match new requirements.) 

Added some new requirements at the all-hands meeting, like associate "science" with users. Still in discussions. Might need help with the design, as opposed to the implementation. 

---++ MyOSG
No new development on software development, so it's currently operational issues, no software tools group issues. (There is a bit of polishing.) So for the moment we don't to discuss MyOSG in the STG meetings, but we will again when there are development issues. 

---++ New Action Items
| *Person* | *Action* | *Comments* |
| Anand | Talk to Jay Packard about discover what VOMS servers are being queried | |
| Rob | Talk to Arvind about his concerns about the VOMS probe being too simple | |