%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285789" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Trash/SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, September 22, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---++ Agenda
   * Restart the Software Tools Group for the new fiscal year, plan upcoming topics and schedule them.

---++ Attendees
   * Altunay, Mine
   * Fraser, Dan
   * Hesselroth, Ted
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---++ Upcoming topics and schedule

We talked about topics that we should discuss in the near future. After consultation, we agreed on a draft list of topics. Of course it will be modified as needed, but there are likely topics for the next several meetings. 

---+++ Likely topics:
   * RSV. Configuration issues moving along? Transitioning rsv-control to RSV development team. Revisit distribution of the probes (including CMS's request for something else.) Marco--Status and organization of the probes. How do we make it easier for people to donate probes? 
   * Discussion on OIM. Based in part on input from Mine with her issues and suggestions. She recommends that we update the OIM architecture document. 
   * Overall resource discovery architecture. We have overlapping tools, not completely happy users. Alain pointed out that this doesn't seem to be within the scope of this group, but perhaps the newly formed Architecture Group. Dan suggests defining existing architecture and understanding current flaws. Ted suggests analyzing from our perspective, and feeding input to the Architecture Group
   * We have request for a Gratia storage probe, and it exists for dcache but not Bestman/Hadoop/XRootd. Do we need this? Do we need to develop them? 
   * State of the software. Discuss overall condition. 
   * A recommended license for OSG-developed software.
   * State of Ted's Storage Discovery tool
   * Storage diagnostics tool. Ted would like review of the documents he has prepared.
   * Dan is concerned about usability of the software. Maybe the OSG should focus on specifics, like RSV or OIM, which we have control over.
   * Announcing down times: this task ([[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/AllRequirements][#7 and #10]]) has dropped between the cracks and it may require software development.
   * Igor and the VO package updates: the ability to merge new and/or changed GUMS/edg-mkgridmap information. 
   * Moving to secure software caches

---+++ Upcoming meetings
   * Our next meeting will be next week, September 29th, and we'll talk about RSV. [[Meeting20090929][Meeting Details]]