%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285789" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Trash/SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, Nov 11, 2008 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---+++ Attendees
   * Altunay, Mine
   * Basney, Jim
   * Gardner, Rob
   * Gopu, Arvind
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Quick Rob
   * Padmanabhan, Anand
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---+++ Agenda

   * Discuss and finalize [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/About/osg-software-tools_v4.doc][Software Tools Group Description]] (Version 4)
   * Discuss [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/PlansTimelines/RSV_Phase_III_Project_Plan_3.1.doc][revised RSV Plan]] 
   * Plan upcoming work

---+++ Summary of changes to RSV Year 3 Plan 

Arvind and Rob Quick updated the RSV Year 3 Plan. The changes were:;

   * Updated timelines. Dates are now realistic
   * Added testing phases
   * Added enhanced ease of use work
   * Clarified who requested probe sets

---+++Feedback on updated RSV Year 3 Plan

The OSG Software Tools Group provided quite a bit of feedback. Overall, the STG gives the document preliminary approval, assuming our minor feedback is accepted. *However*, there is one major point we are worried about: we do not understand the WLCG equivalency requirements, so we cannot evaluate if the proposed RSV probe set matches our requirements from WLCG. So final approval is contingent on this point. 

Our other feedback:
   * Section 2.2.3 says that it will improve the tool used for profiling a failed RSV installation. We do not understand what improvements are needed since the tool is currently doing a fine job. These should be explained.
   * There have been worries about RSV (particularly Condor Cron) not being reliable enough. We want to see a plan to address reliability of RSV.
   * There are some exploratory tasks, and we they are too vague. Does _explore_ mean create a prototype implementation? Does it mean mock up an interface? Think about things for a while?
   * We want to see effort to support RSV probes that are separately versioned from the VDT, with thought put into making a well-defined process for external developers maintaining RSV probes in their area of expertise.
   * Some of the bullet points are to create a plan. We want the RSV group to report back to the STG when they create a plan for these steps. This should be noted in the document. 
   * Jim says the DOE will have a policy on creating robot certificates by January 2009. So we should have a plan to document how sites can (and should?) use robot certificates completed by March 2009, and this should be noted in the RSV plan. 
   * The probe table says 2.2.1.3 instead of 2.2.1.2

---+++Finishing the document _[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/About][OSG Software Tools Group: Goals and Operations]]_

This document is now at version 4. We need to finish it ASAP. We didn't have time to review it in this meeting, but people who haven't commented on it yet will comment on it by next Monday, and we'll resolve it in email. 

---+++Action Items

| *Person* | *Due Date* | *Action Item* |
| Arvind | 12-Nov-2008 | Send out documentation about WLCG probe equivalency requirements. |
| Arvind, Rob | 17-Nov-2008 | Send out new version of RSV Year 3 plan, incorporating this weeks feedback |
| Mine | 17-Nov-2008 | Comment on WLCG probe equivalency requirements |
| Everyone | 17-Nov-2008 | Comment on [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/About][OSG Software Tools Group: Goals and Operations]] | 