%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1228846348" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SoftwareToolsMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Tools Group Meeting

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday, December 9, 2008 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 4321 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Altunay, Mine
   * Gardner, Rob
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra

---+++ Agenda

   * [Alain] Can we pass on the [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTools/About][Software Tools Group description]] to the Executive Team? 
   * [Alain] We never gave the current RSV plan a final approval. Can we do so?
   * [Tanya] Discuss involvement with WLCG Installed Capacity Group, which defines the bits of the GLUE schema for definitions of capacity information about a CE or SE. [[https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/pub/LCG/WLCGCommonComputingReadinessChallenges/WLCG_GlueSchemaUsage-1.7.pdf][Background document]]
   * [Alain] Upcoming topics
   * [Alain] Date for next meeting. (If we go according to schedule, the next is December 23rd, which seems too soon.)

---++ Software Tools Group Description 
Everyone on the call approved the document and we can pass it to the Executive Team. 

---++ RSV plan approval
We never gave formal approval in the past. We now formally approve it.

---++ WLCG Installed Capacity Group
There were concerns about a recent document from the WLCG Installed Capacity Group. This group is trying to define GLUE Schema 1.3 attributes so they can publish installed capacity of SE and CE. Unfortunately, the document didn't fully represent our interests, and Ruth wants us to make sure that OSG is appropriately involved. 

In the last week (since the document was released) things have improved. Brian Bockelman represents GIP and CMS interests, along with some involvement from Burt Holzman. Tanya Levshina and Ted Hesselroth have become involved due to their storage expertise. One remaining problem: no one represents ATLAS interests. Tanya will forward the document and background information to Rob Gardner, who will work with USATLAS to find a representative.

Note: when the document is complete, the GIP will need to be updated, and maybe CEMon. 

Tanya will help the Software Tools Group monitor what is going on, because she is so involved in the process. She will report back at the next meeting.

---++ Upcoming topics
We talked about things we should discuss in the short-term. We will discuss:

   * GIP 1.2
   * Panda
   * OSG Matchmaker
   * The software formerly called the OSG Dashboard.

We'll probably talk about GIP 1.2 first, since it's being released soon.

---++ Bestman/XRootd
We briefly discussed the state of Bestman/XRootd. The ball is in ATLAS's court to test it, and the need for it is no longer immediate since some sites have installed Bestman/XRootd on their own. 

We agreed that the VDT should go ahead and release Bestman/XRootd in the near future, and we (VDT and ATLAS) can shake out bugs as people deploy it.

---++ Date for next meeting
6-Jan-2008

---++ Action items
   * [Alain] will post the STG description to the OSG Document Database, and share it with the Executive Team.
   * [Tanya] Forward document and background information about WLCG Installed Capacity to Rob Gardner.
   * [Rob Gardner] Discuss WLCS Installed Capacity involvement with others in USATLAS.
   * [VDT] Release Bestman/XRootd
