%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnandPadmanabhan" date="1390339024" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2013"}%
---++Meeting Notes
*Kevin*
   * Built and published production tarballs to goc system. Had some ideas on changes for ca bundle packaging procedures, please see separate email to team.
   * Both GOC svn and koji are still using my doegrid certs. Need to ask to get that changed now that the release is done...
   * There is a new VO coming online. CTA. THis is an existing EGI VO, do we still do security training with them in this case? Do we want to modify any procedures in this  case? They do have members at SLAC as well as in France, I believe.
   * Hoping to finally wrap up making changes to my draft for the traceability newsletter article. Do we want to go forward with the "Certificate free job submission" as the official name of this project?
   * Asked GOC folks some questions about perfsonar usage there. Sounds like they are currently in internal testing status at the GOC, but would like to be used for diagnosing network problems with other OSG sites, so I think this is sounding like it would be considered an OGS service. 
   * Secunia sent an email saying they are going to change their mail list to a weekly digest format instead of as they come vulnerability emails, but so far I haven't seen a change. Has anyone else heard anything about this? Also noticed Fermilab's exchange server got me kicked off bugtraq a couple months ago without warning/notice. Might just have to subscribe from home...

*Anand*


*Mine*

-- Main.KevinHill - 11 Dec 2013