%META:TOPICINFO{author="KevinHill" date="1376407339" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2013"}%
*Kevin*
   * Try to get remaining service owners to complete security surveys.
   * Wrap up controls assessment.
   * Present at area coordinators meeting this week.
   * Will be out next Monday and Tuesday.

*Anand*
   * will send traceability document to Kevin for review.
   * start thinking about possibilities for next security drill?

-- Main.KevinHill - 13 Aug 2013
