%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dMine_20Altunay_20215076" date="1291142285" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes
Igor: 
OSG Grid school with Jose is working out fine. Igor will do the presentation. 

issues: Jim
contact updates. will get the list of people this week. 

sites patching statuses
glibc will be done by tomorrow. 


who is using pakiti. start a campaign


write down interoperability page

pgp keys documentation update. trusted key. 
cheked the problems with macmail. and put more documentation. set trust level in teh documentation


email Doug Benjamin and ask about what is going on. send a reminder

2 documents are left. 1 document tested. tomorrow they will do the work. 


Anand


ca release and signing up with the emails from igtf. he is leaving on dec 13th. Mine should do one release before then
start with testing with Keith and other big sites with the new layout. 
fetch-crl. vdt has 2.8.x version of fetch-crl. 


Incorporate Alain's responses via email into control assessments

incident page 

what happened to controls with Rob and Goc about registeration process. are we done? 
invite Rob to the meeting for next week. OIM roles explanation. 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 30 Nov 2010
