%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1312318097" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---+++Meeting Minutes 8/2/2011

Jim: 
   * no major incident or vulnerability
   * will call the sites about recent incident. ask how many people have seen the symptoms we described. We will get the list of site admins who looked at the ticket. call site admins and understand what they did after the attack what their needs are. how can we get more information on usage pattern changes ? VOs will notice firsthand. 

   * we still do not have much information. Probably we won't get user names. logs are cleaned up by the attacker. perhaps we can get a list of ssh keys on the compromised machines. 
   * Miron asked for a percentage of Jim's time spent on unplanned activities such as security drills and vulnerability watches. 

   * Marko, Jim Weichel, Barlow, Robert all met. Jim will work on documentation for command line get cert tools. Marko will work on web site based cert get. Plan to finish in two weeks time. 
      * Showed Robert and Jim Weichel the new OSG get-cert web page. They liked pull down menu. Sponsor list needs should be updated. TODO: Mine sent an email to Alain and Anand to review and decide on the list of sponsors. 

Anand: 

   * New CA caches in ITB. vdt-ca-manage and rsv ca-probe are tested successfully. we have nothing more to test. let's move everything to production for next week. 
      * One concern: yum and deb packages. The new packages are not labeled in yum repo and conflicts are not marked. yum documentation must also indicate which cache is which. since we will control which sites will do transitioning. we will start with sites that use the vdt-ca-manage. 
      * TODO: verify that if a site just do "yum osg-ca-certs" they get the old certs. we will have a call with Scott and find out which sites are using yum and debian. 

   * anand asked them last week where to get the crlurl file and the new end user certificates. updated the ticket. Mike and Dhiva has not responded. 

ste report is done. updated. 

site admins meeting is going on. user forum. security presentation. asked marco and suchandra rob snihur for site admin meeting. not requested for security training for site admins. check what do they need in site admins meeting. 

pakiti is the only missing service from wbs. 

 
 

-- Main.MineAltunay - 02 Aug 2011
