%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1301419720" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
--+++Meeting Minutes
Attendees Anand and Igor

Igor cannot join. sends an email saying nothing to report. 
Jim is gone 29-20-31 to a conference. 

Anand: 
   * Ian's request is not started we will put it in the pipeline
   * Anand will write the meeting minutes for the ITB. He will also put the last week's meeting minutes.
   * will put the list of software and versions. ask Alain's to identify the developer names. Developers will tell us which versions will need to be tested in production. 
   * we will provide a back up cache for old layout. 
   * Anand will ask David Groep how long he will keep old format. and then you will make an estmate on how to cretae an old format from th new one. 

   * Suchandra's problem is solved. We asked him to get a new certificate and it solved the problem. 
   * We do not understand Farooq's problem. 
   * xrootd request. Found the service certificate policy. 
   * 
  



-- Main.MineAltunay - 29 Mar 2011
