%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1361291251" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%

---++Meeting Notes

*Kevin*
   * Not much progress with Pakiti presentation at AHM. 
   * Reduced Kevin's PKI efort to 20% starting this week. 
   * Fermilab PKI: waiting for various nodes and farms to get updated. 
   * will upgrades to rpm take care of changes we have to propagate for sha-2 upgrades? we think so. but we must talk with Tim to start sending reminders to sites. 
   * Kevin will email Tim about necessary upgrades for sha-2 and when will we send updates to the sites. 
   * FNAL_CDFOSG_1, FNAL_DZEROOSG_1, FNAL_FERMIGRID, FNAL_GPGRID_1. Kevin and Mine will contact these sites to verify their patch level. All Fnal worker nodes are moving to rpm release, so this issue will be moot most likely. 
 

*Anand*
   * Condor vulnerability. No new tickets have been closed yet. But, Horst's site has updated. 
   * Risk assessment for sha-1 proxies. Written up on the twiki. Contacted Voms-admin, they confirm this is a bug. the fixed version will be like that whatever user certificate is input, we will have the same kind of proxy. 
   * OSG VO frontend security exercise. Marco cannot create account for us. Mats only can do that. he is still on vacation. Anand will in the meantime discuss with Marco about the drill plans. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 19 Feb 2013
