%META:TOPICINFO{author="KevinHill" date="1377617295" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2013"}%
*Kevin*:
   * Will send Anand Fermi OSG Traceability requirement doc.
   * Meeting next week about OSG adding/removing users.

*Anand*:
   * Will send latest traceability doc out for review and post to docdb.
   * No igtf release this month.

-- Main.KevinHill - 27 Aug 2013
