%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466100394" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---++Meeting Minutes

*Anand:*
   * Incident drill: Anand will submit a test job to make sure drill sites can handle jobs from the security team. 
   * Update the drill plan with dates. 
   * Prepare the instructions for the sites before the end of this week. 

   * De-commissioning GOC CA rpms. Anand will check with Scott this week to get an updated copy of sites who are still using goc rpm caches. 

   * Synch-up with Kevin about CA package build tools.  

*Kevin*
   * Completed CA release process. we have to synchronize with GOC because if we do not then VDT cache will be out of synhc with GOC. This will cause our rsv probes to fail. 
   * We can move the ca bundle to osg-testing in koji. 
   * PHP bug if we use in cgi mode. A ticket 12091 is opened to be reviewed and assessed by GOC. It may affect the GOC webpages. 
   * Will start security test and evaluations. Will update the risk assessment document. 
   * CA outage contingency planning. Talked to Jim basney about how to get service certs. Document the steps and put it out on a twiki page. 

*Marco*
   * Created PHP ticket. 

*Mine* 
   * Work plans for the next year. Will send out the document. 
   * IGTF meeting going on this week. 
   * Trash/Blueprint documents on ID mgmt. 
 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 08 May 2012
