%META:TOPICINFO{author="ZalakShah" date="1485811299" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Monday 3pm - Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID  8562949

---++ Administrativa
   * Present:  Zalak, Susan, Anand, Jeny, Dave
   * Absent: Mine
   * Agenda Bashing

---++ Standing Items
   * New Vulnerabillities/Security Incidents: Jeny
      * Announcement sent to OSG security contacts and site admins: https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/32313
         * Announcement was helpful, i.e. REN-ISAC thank us for the same
      * Jeny is working on producing a Vulnerability response / incident response document (due date: by end of February).
      * Assessing new OpenSSL security advisory: https://www.openssl.org/news/secadv/20170126.txt
   

---++ Old Business
   * JINR got glexec working with help from Dave & Ken -- they need hexadecimal symlinks for the cilogon cert files and had an extra space in the '.namespaces' file
      * Contact Jim Basney regarding this and conatact IGTF if needed
      * Dave: open a Jira ticket to track the issue
   * Jeny and Dave wrote the FIFE DCAFI CHEP paper section

---++ New Business
   * OSG AHM plans
      * Susan, Zalak, Dave are attending, Jeny is not sure yet
---++ Last Call / Follow-up / Reminders
   * Dave is going to China next week
 

-- Main.JenyTeheran - 30 Jan 2017
