%META:TOPICINFO{author="KevinHill" date="1389107589" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2014"}%
---+++ Kevin
   * Confirmed with David Groep that the old-format release had the wrong has filename for the SEE-GRID VO. He suggested just renaming it. I'm guessing we should go ahaed and release updated old/compat packages.
   * Need to revisit retiring the old format releases, as IGTF doesn't want to do it anymore.
   * Both GOC svn and koji are still using my doegrid certs. Need to ask to get that changed now that the release is done...
   * Requested meeting with CTA VO.
   * Certificate Free submission newsletter article was accepted. Still not getting newsletters so far. Was there one in December before the break?
   * High Priority. Start January 1st. Will evaluate security of perfSonar test box at GOC and the perfSonar dashboard.
   * High Priority. Will conduct a security drill with Stratum 0 after New Year.
---+++ Anand

---+++ Mine

-- Main.KevinHill - 07 Jan 2014