%META:TOPICINFO{author="KevinHill" date="1332881561" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2012"}%
---++Meeting Minutes

*Kevin*

   * Will be on vacation Friday & Monday.
   * Available for more vulnerability watching now that AHM is done.

*Marco*

   * No relevant vulnerabilities this week.
      * Thunderbird and Firefox for SL. Not directly relevant but noteworthy in that this is a version bump from 2.x to 10.x.
   * Rob Quick asked if there's anything they can do to help make life easier for Security.
   * Is the Vomses file updated regularly? 
      * Goc should put out new versions. RPM's should be updated and installed via yum. New VO's will need some manual config of user accounts, etc, before they can run jobs at a site.

*Anand*
   * Configuring and testing condor-g for security Drill. Anand will be on vacation for a week in two weeks. Should be done with config/testing before vacation, and will be able to schedule tests after vacation.

*Future Project Ideas*
   * Automated software vulnerability scanning. Look into Pakiti.
   * End to end tracking of proxy usage. Prototype/research project. Proxy passport idea.
   * Vulnerability scanning tools? Probably won't work centrally for OSG, but we can work on documentation, possible rpm packaging?
   * Repackage tripwire? or similar? Different configs based on rpms for CE, clients, etc.
   * Central logging config advice? Probably limited to documentation or utilities for central-to-site logging servers.
   * Password complexity/policy recommendations.
   * Run logwatch. Custom configs?
   * Annual oim contact verification emails. Click a web link to verify still valid.
   * Improve certificate application process.
   * Flesh out checklist for adding new VO.



-- Main.KevinHill - 27 Mar 2012