%META:TOPICINFO{author="KevinHill" date="1373382826" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2013"}%
---++ Meeting Notes 7/9/13

*Kevin*
   * Sending out security controls surveys to service owners. Converting old xls files to text format for hopefully easier editing by service owners.
   * Mine trying to add Kevin to incommon osg account to be able to add metadata for U of C.
   * Kevin on vacation next week.

*Anand*
   * Working on traceability docs. Condor should contain enough info to trace back to front end user, proxies would have to be modifiable by user to add extra field in a glidein based situation, so not really any more sure than condor info at that point.

-- Main.KevinHill - 09 Jul 2013
