%META:TOPICINFO{author="KevinHill" date="1370530938" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2009"}%
%TOC%
---+++Meeting Minutes
   * Doug: Attended TAGPMA and Blueprint.
   DOEGrids mitigation plan.  he will finish the contingency plans for the DOEGrids CA. He will later address the RA process audit questions. there are quite a bit of old action items on improving the RA workflow. Doug has not looked at the action items for a while.  

   * Aashish: still working with Pal Andersson on the incident script. trying to get proxy support in script code. wget without proxy support fails in the code. We decided the only benefit we get from wget is to know what time the process is being killed by the site security team. we will eliminate wget in the script. instead, we will run the process continuously. We will run another condor cron job to check whether the process is killed or not. 
We will run the incident drill next Monday. we contact the BNL admins to get higher queue privileges to run faster. it takes 6-7 hours to start the job. we can alternatively run it on the headnode. 
 
   * Anand: banning tool design document is finished and on the twiki. he will work on the VOMS/edg handshake success probe. he will also work on converting the incident response presentation into a tutorial 

   * Igor: worked on VO package project. got hold of Rob Quick and they all agreed on keeping only the latest GUMS v. 1.4 teplate as the master copy. based on this template, they will generate earlier templates and edg template in the VO package. igor will do the edg template generation. While converting the templates, Igor will have a mapping of which gums template elements will be converted to which edg template elements.  edg has an understanding of roles so gums template will be partially used. edg retrieves the mappings form voms based on roles. however, once the map file is created, the users are always mapped based their DNs regardless of their presented FQANs. GUMS template is also going through a change. v1.3 is different from v1.4: provenance field, where the template came from; a vo can have multiple VOMS entries. Igor has not done any work on merging the new template with an existing configuration. schedule a next week STG meeting. 

   * Jim: new IGTF release. Jim has two action items from the blueprint: add keeping valid security contacts to the VO registration procedure; write criteria for suspension or expulsion of a VO from OSG.For the security contact information validation, Mine only did a partial review.  GOC can do a complete audit in an automated way. 

      * Next week is JSPG meeting. VO policies, user level job accounting , incident response, portal, revision of grid aup, review of top level policies. incident response policy, aup and overall policy framework. why do we have to have from scratch registration process? not driven by security requirements. egi will have a resolution for this. 
      * TAGPMA: sha-1 vs. sha-2. software may not work with sha-2 . sl.v4 does not support sha2. Jim will check whether our software work with sha-2. We should do an ITB testing on this. Also resources needs sl5 to support sha-2. sl4 is the largest system deployed now in OSG and it does not support sha-2.  VOs are a big drawback because they need to start testing their software on sl5. Doug will take this to VO meeting. Jim will write an annoucement after JSPG urging sites and VOs thinking to move to SL5.   
  


-- Main.MineAltunay - 05 May 2009