%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1272555354" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2010"}%
---++Meeting Minutes 04/26/2010

*Jim*: 
   * A recent incident at TG. Jim sent a report to OSG as well. There were no cross-over users. 

   * EGEE-OSG operational security issues.The EGEE is ending this Friday and EGI starts. Romain will not participate in EGI; Mingchao will lead the EGI operational security with Leif Nixon. Romain will be responsible for WLCG security and he will have a permanent seat at wlcg mgmt board. https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/pub/LCG/SCGLetter-EGI/EGI_CSIRT.jpg

   * Compiler problem. Romain says it is not decided what they will do about it. Intel is looking into the problem. *Action Item* Jim will follow up on this vulnerability.
   * Ticket 5057: java 5 is no longer supported by Sun. Scott opened a ticket to facilitate switching to java 6. *Action Item* Jim will take care of this ticket with Scott.  

   * Documentation: Security pages are in three different areas. (documentation web, release documentation, security web). The documentation team wants everything in release documentation page by July. Jim moved everything from documentation web to release documentation web. he will move necessary pages from security web to release documentation. he is changing the ownership of the pages, he sent out a HTML snippet. 
   
*Doug:*
   *Have been looking at updating the CA package with the new igtf layout. Gone through and understood exactly how to put together the package and how to change our scripts. he will update the twiki page to describe the process. he will enhance SEP7 with technical details related to ITB testing. itb has setup recently to run tests everyday. If the new package can spend a full cycle in ITB, that would be enough for our testing. 

   * Debian conflict problem. Doug already fixed the script. no need to test immediately. When we generate a new package, it will be tested.  
   * sha-2. once we finish the ITB testing with new CA package, we can go through with the SHA-2 testing. The timing seems reasonable. Doug thinks we should put a SHA-2 testing plan in place after the current changes to make an ITB version of the CA package and testing of the new IGTF layout dealing with openssl 1.0 hash format.
   * We can take out the old Fermi KCA once we get into the new ITB testing cycle.
   * Already made some changes to security scripts to create packages. these are committed to svn. In future, we should create a new test directory for the changed code. 

*Anand:*
   * Testing of Pakiti is completed. ssl re-negotiation was hard to debug because apache has not applied the patch but Anand's browser seamonkey did. Anand communicated the problems to Michal. *Action Item* learn the actual release date. We will do the actual configuration based on subscribed sites after we install the released code. (current test server is checked out of svn)

   * RA Survey results: sponsors should be linked. Most almost never change sponsors.  have a separate meeting on the survey results on Wednesday
   * 8.0 openCA release and the new Registration Manager. does it make any difference? any api changes? we should look into the registration manager which provides the user interface for user registration. we could have one for OSG. the registration manager essentially replaces the web page that anand is working on. can we achieve separation of agent privileges with this new Registration Manager. should we have one registration manager for osg, or several ones for each VO. 

Mine will comment on the registration workflow draft document and we will discuss these issues on Wednesday . 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 27 Apr 2010










 