%META:TOPICINFO{author="DaveDykstra" date="1468507794" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Thursdays 10-11 am Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 8406490

---++ Dave
   * Should we move the SecurityTeamWorkingArea to a new twiki Web so we can protect read access?
   * OSG CA Transition: can we ask the GOC to register OSG CA DNs in OIM for all non-ATLAS people who have Digicert-Grid certs and haven't yet asked to have their OSG CA DNs registered?  I think it should have been done long ago but better now than never.  There is no documentation that tells people that they need to ask to have the new DNs registered, at a minimum I think that should be updated.

---++ Jeny
   * Working on slides for WISe workshop.
   * Catching up with submission through HT Condor for security drill.
   * Ticket https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29725

---++ Anand

</noautolink>


-- Main.JenyTeheran - 14 Jul 2016