%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625571" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---+ OSG SecurityTeam Team Meetings

   * Meetings are every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time.
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 8406490

---++ Kevin

---++ Dave
   * Scheduled meeting with Joe Boyd and Gerard to discuss operations view of KCA replacement proposal
   * To do:
      * Meet with Olga
      * write initial cigetcert command to try things out
      * write feedback ticket for Jim Basney on improving documentation for trying cilogon with shibboleth (non-ECP)
      * research access control of Internet of Things for CISR topic

---++ Jeny
   * Building CA bundle 1.47 from IGTF 1.65 release
      * TODO: Verify the changes for IGTF 1.65 release
   * bosco.opensciencegrid.com belongs to Bosco project. This project is now under Condor. 
      * TODO: Find out who will be the administrator of this website.
   * Workshop/Event for Computing: filling facilities request form.
   * Topic for CISR: Access Control Management for IoT
      * TODO: Write a report about Access Control Management for IoT
   * Email sent to Scott Teige to confirm if the instructions/information included in the JIRA ticket for the OASIS security drill are adequate.


-- Main.JenyTeheran - 07 Jul 2015