%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1282759261" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes

Doug, Jim and Anand

*Doug:*
   * New IGTF CA layout: ITB certified everything except dcache. Suchandra will bring it back up today and we can test it tomorrow. ITB tested CE, bestman, gums, voms (checked with John weigand)
   * the next IGTF release will have the new layout as default. the release after that will only include the new layout. *
   * Action Item*  we should try the new layout in production at the next release. 
   * did we test the RSV probes developed for the new layout in ITB. GOC is developing a new software piece, RSV control. itb will release the new rsv probes sometime soon all together. We are certain about the rsv ca probe will work due to new index file but rsv crl probe may not. *Action item* Anand will check. 

   * Clemson IdP. 
      * it is not clear if they recycle the user ids. Doug will talk to Jim tomorrow about the plans. 
      * Doug is worried that low-assurance IdP like protect network is also recognized by the CILogon CA. Mine thinks this is a solvable problem: the subject DN includes the IdP name so we any Relying party can distinguish between the IdP. Doug worries OSG will have no control over that. Mine thinks OSG has never had any control over quality of identity vetting even with DOEgrids CA. The vetting is always up to VOs. The sites will have to trust the information the IdP shown in the user's DN. VOs will record the correct DN string in their VOMS database. 
      * *Action Item*: Identify the controls in order to prevent lower assurance IdP being used in OSG. How can a site configure to accept a certain IdP from Cilogon. how can a VO ensure the right certificates are added into the VOMS

*Anand:* 
   * *Action Item:* Blocking an osg user. why there has been 42 email exchanges on this. Anand will summarize the problems in an email.  



*Jim:* 
   * Solidifying the dates. for the egi meeting, what are your topics? 
      * talking about new format of egi. looking at incident response process. romain wants to use grid-sec as the premier venue. 
      * what is EGI's risk assessment. what is their biggest weakness and worst case scenarios. what is their risk model/threat model. 

   * Documentation. Finished up with Igor. . 

   * Vulnerabilities? There is a kernel vulnerability but there is no patch. We will wait until the announcement for the patch. 
   * Who is monitoring pakiti? *Action Item* Jim will look at the results (10 sites) and will email sites that are missing the critical patches. he will finish this by Th evening. 
   * *Action Item* Anand will talk to GOC and Rob Snihur whether he should add site admin access to the pakiti tool


















-- Main.MineAltunay - 24 Aug 2010
