%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625573" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2009"}%
%TOC%
---+++ Pre-Meeting Weekly Reports

*Igor Sfiligoi:*

Pinged Jay and Rob on the status of VO package work  -

 ~0.5%.

(Sick 3 days out of 5)

*Ron Cudcewicz:* 

Compiling results of the OSG SecurityTeam Controls survey. 

Tracked down and reordered computer equipment for OSG SecurityTeam head. 

8hrs. 

*Doug Olson:*
Nothing to report for last week (or last 6 mo.) but I am officially back at work today.  :) 

*Aashish*
1) Trying to follow up with Rob Quick about move from Twiki to OIM
 
2) In communication with Sven Gabriel for SecurityTeam Challenge. Going through their presentations and also trying to get access to their source which they are using for job submission and running on hosts. 

3) Looking at Vulnerabilities 

4) Planing to talk to Anand about using his test setup for dry run of SecurityTeam Challenge. 

*Anand:*

1. Developing CA supported VO probes: 40%

2. Developing the implementation plan for VO handshake probes: 30%

3. Regular monitoring central RSV probes: 5%

4. Monitoring RSV probe deployment during new certificate release: 5%

5. Reviewing new RSV Library: 10%

6. OSG related meeting: 10%


*Jim Basney:*

Last week I:

- discussed the OSG SSC with Sven

- attended the OSG Operations call

- attended the OSG SecurityTeam Team call

- submitted travel expense reports for OSG AHM and OSG SecurityTeam Review

- released OSG CA distribution version 1.5

- attended an OSG/ESnet call

- assisted with ongoing IGTF RAT audit of certificates containing DSA
keys (http://tagpma.es.net/wiki/bin/view/IGTF-RAT/2009-01)

- OSG RA duties: approved 1 RA Agent, approved 1 GridAdmin, answered RSV
certificate question

- discussed RSV probes with Anand

Time: 12 hours

*M. Altunay:*

1. list of work items, updating WBS, adding new WBS items and prioritization. meeting with Ruth and Chander

2. meeting with Esnet and identity req workshop

3. ISGC abstract

4. FNAL work, paper 

5. several meetings with Alain on STG

Time: 100%

---+++Meeting Minutes

*Doug:* 
   * Doug has gotten back to RA work. 
   * Jim will stop going to three meetings: ops, VO and site meetings. Doug will start going to these meetings from now on
   * Some RA issue in Doug's absence: RSV team asked robot certs to be reviewed. BNL is interested in having host certs with wild cards in subject names (or having multiple subject names in the certs). They want to use host certs flexibly and in round-robin style. vdt software would not support this, but globus 4.1 would support it. BNL is not asking for a software change in OSG, they are asking for DOEGrids ca policy change. Thi is a reasonable request. BNL must use certs internally because outside of BNL VDT software would not support this feature. BNL claims they have the software to support this feature. Igor suggest before making a change in policy, we should look at how other labs (Fermi in particular) do it?  Jim says he connected John Hover to Steve Timm, but this was not helpful because John still has the same request.
Doug and Jim are members of DOEGrids PMA. They can both work on policy change
   * Doug will read the disaster recovery documents of DOEGrids CA and leads the discussion with DOEgrids this friday. 


*Jim:* 
   * work action item: for the ESNet OSG joint identity requirements gathering workshop, write a couple paragraph of email to OSG EB describing mission and scope. if EB approves it, compile a invitee list and approach invitees to collect tentative dates.


*Aashish:* 
   * SecurityTeam challenge: Sven has given access to Aashish to the svn repository so that AAshish can download the script for the drill and test it on the testbed. Sven also sent a power point describing European drill and summarizing assessment. The OSG drill is scheduled between  April 6-7-8. The deadline is April 10.  
   * Aashish will setup a twiki page summarizing his preparation plans. should we make an announcement, which credentials to use, assessment criteria, how we will grade the results. only tier ones are tested. FNAL and BNL. 

   * has not started working with Alain Roy on software developers mailing list
   * Rob has not responded on moving incident response reports from twiki to OIM. 

*Anand:*
   * two RSV probes are left. VOMS availability probe. Rob will send out existing VORS probe. 
   * for the VOMS availability probe, can we check whether the server is having a valid DOEgrids certificate and serving over SSL. does the server reject connections without SSL. Because this probe is implemented through edg-mkgridmap file, Anand will check if edg uses the client host cert to handshake with VOMS server. If the handshake is already there, then any server who does not have a valid cert will fail. I also would like to get a list of VOMS servers that will allow non-ssl connections to be served. I want VOMS servers to reject any plain request 
   * VOMS handshake probe: this probe will check which VOs are supported by the site and whether the site has the right addresses for the VOMS servers. the local probe will be dependent on central GOC template availability. it is important that we are putting central dependencies into the local probe. we can pull from goc template asynchronously but this will make the software complicated.  
   * for voms handshake probe, we do not need a detailed output result from the last time probe ran. I only need the last time the probe ran to see the frequency of the handshake

*Igor:*
   * how does VO update package is going on. jay sent a proposal two weeks ago he is working on that. Once he finishes, Igor will do it for edg. 
   * Mine is worried about adding VOs everytime a new VO is added to GOC template. how should we let sites know about this decision. sites should be able to express this in their configuration files. 



 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 16 Mar 2009