%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1247591196" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings03_16_2009"}%
---++Security Meeting Notes from 7/14

*Anand:*
   * No work left with RSV probes. If there are any bugs coming up, will be doing those. 
   * GOC should move central probes to a central repository, which has not happened yet
   * back to gLite authz work 

*Jim:*
   * usatlas has no response on portal policy. We should not push them for a response. JSPG does not enforce the policies very stringently anyway
   * The security announcements issue. 
      * the security announcements workflow have been changed. the announcements will be signed by the security team and will be tracked by a ticket ID. 
      * the security team will first create a ticket and then create a message that refers to ticket URL. The team will sign the message with team PGP key and send it to the contacts via the announcement tool.
      * the GOC will not sign the message or change its content. 
      * the security team can edit the ticket header, but cannot delete or modify ticket content. 
      * Any person registered in OIM can see the ticket contents. This should be restricted to VO and site contacts for security announcements. 
      * Question: does GOC let anyone register in OIM? what is the approval for non-contact users? 
      * Anyone who sees the ticket can append to the ticket
      * For security tickets open by site or VO contacts, the default access control must be GOC staff and security team. The security team will prepare a second announcement with a separate ticket if needed. 
      * Action item: site creates a security ticket for incident. anybody who is registered in OIM can see that ticket. can GOC put access control on the tickets?
      * Observation: Sites do not report incidents. they get no benefit from telling us, and they get no consequences for not telling us. They are afraid they will get bad publicity. So far after 7 months, we get no reported incidents from sites. 
      * Action Item: we should think about sites' reluctance on reporting incidents.    
      * Action Item: we should write up a requirement document for incident reporting on OIM. The security announcement tool was not originally what we asked for. WE did not ask for using the ticketing system for announcements. We must not repeat this mistake again.  
      * Decision: we agree to use the ticket based announcement system given above changes on access restrictions are made. 
   
   * Concerned with overwhelming the VDT team with security advisories. 
      * Is it security team problem: are we reporting a lot of low-risk items, or is this a VDT issue: they do not have effort to keep up ?
      * Action Item: Jim will ask Alain the problem. Mine will look for access to VDT ticketing system. 
      * Doug's observation: he had to verify an advisory's affect on OSG via Google. 
      * Based on Alain's answer we can take action to help the situation.  

*Doug:*  

   * Site admins meeting. We should have at least two people in each security tracks. Anand and Doug both are good candidates. 
      * should Jay present at site admins meeting? ask Suchandra if he needs Jay's help
      * possible topics: what are the risks of running CE or SE, the basic steps for being a good site admin. 
      * we will weave the security presentation into all other presentations. For a few minutes in each presentation, we will show what security configurations considerations are needed. Doug is working with Iwona and Alex sim on bestman installation. 

*Igor:*
   * just settled. will read the security advisories this week. 


*Ron:*
   * profile of area coordinators. which questions are answered the most, which are missing. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 14 Jul 2009
