%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1315931627" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
--+++Meeting Minutes
*Anand*
   * RPM packaging. CA scripts packaging and the CA itself. The naming protocol is solved. GOC started mirroring the rpm packages. where the production rpm will be hosted?
   * Documentation for ca package is needed. 
   * the new ca release solving the md5sum problem is out today. 
   * Mike Helm gave Steve and Suchandra to personal and service certificate so the test will get going. The testing will finish this week. Anand will attend the ITB. 
   * We will use the ca layout as the default for rpm package testing. When people start switching to the rpm format they will also switch to the new layout. We decided that we will make use of the exhaustive testing that will be done as part of rpm package creation. Once testing is successful, we will release new layout as the default in rpms. people who switches to rpms will also switch to new layout cas. if igtf make a lot of releases in the meantime, we will create old distributions and release those. 

*Marco*
   * Tomcat vulnerability patch is not released yet. 
   * Derek is reviewing the document. Marco fixed the problems. Putting a new section into voms-admin. 
   * subscribed to the vulnerability lists. read the incident response and vulnerability processes. 
   * Marco is subscribing to the grid-sec. 





-- Main.MineAltunay - 13 Sep 2011
