%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625570" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes 5/24/2011
*Jim Barlow*
   * He has not started the drill yet. It will either start this morning or this afternoon. only IllinoisHEP site could participate into the drill. All other sites had submission problems. 
   * No vulnerabilities or significant issues. 
*Mine* 
   * working on the voms-admin vulnerability. Once we finish triage, will need help from Jim. 
   * SecurityTeam controls are going well. Received feedback from a few. Going to Indiana next week for conducting the remaining controls. Will need team's help in examinig and evaluating the control results. 
   * Anand will come back on June 2nd. 

*Marko*
   * uploaded a new version of certificate document on the twiki. will send an email to Ian. It only covers one browser. This is fine. We need quality information, not quantity. 

*Igor*
   * vulnerability duty was fine last week. Nothing major. 
   * The security controls were fine except for transient data class. he will review next batch of questions regarding configuration management and vulnerability management. 


 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 24 May 2011
