%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1318447948" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes:
--- no grid-sec group. Jim came to last week's meeting. Apache reverse proxy vulnerability. Alain though it did not affect vdt apache software. cve-2011-3368 vdt servers do no use this either. check if GOC is using proxy servers. No fix available. 
--- No incident teragrid. Couple users credentials in teragrid compromised. 

--- Jim Barlow is officially off the team. Marco is on the grid-sec email list. 

--- Anand: 
-- RPMs are done. 
-- New CA package created. UK e-science signing policy was messed up.  Within 3-4 days of the regular release, VO complained about uk e-science ca. David fixed it on the same day. we waited for the regular release date. It was not urgent so we waited for the next release cycle.   
-- Documentation meeting for rpm release.  
-- Marco moved his user tutorial documentation/release3
 

-- Marko is doing the osg rsv ca and crl probes. Anand will check if they are OK. 
-- Anand will ask sites if they want VO and VOMS handshake probes. 




-- Main.MineAltunay - 12 Oct 2011
