%META:TOPICINFO{author="DougOlson" date="1212697789" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
Attending: Doug, Alain, Jim

Action items:
   * (Ron) Review OSG VO AUP and Registration Policy.
   * (Ron) Update security policies and procedure table.
   * To follow-up after OSG 1.0 release in June
      * (Doug/Jim) Schedule follow-up meeting with Rob Q about how to securely POST an incident report.
      * (Doug/Jim) Schedule follow-up meeting with Rob Q about footprints and twiki access control.
   * (Doug/Jim) Jon Nelson / GOC Nelson certificates. Mine and Doug talked with Rob about this. Doug will discuss pseudonymous certificates with DOEGrids PMA.
      * some discussion in DOEGrids PMA
      * should discuss with Mine and make conclusion and inform Rob Q.
   * (Doug) Create a twiki page on reviewing incident response policy that lists the questions to ask site and VO security personnel and lists the log files needed by the site admins to trace a security incident.
   * (Jim) Finish ProxyCleanup. Mostly done. Need to add storage.
   * (Jim) Start on ManagingCACertsAndCRLs.
   * (Mine) Incident response flowchart.
   * (Mine) MOU Requirements from VO privilege project.
   * (Rob Q.) Will work on publishing PGP key and S/MIME certificate for security@opensciencegrid.org.
   * (Doug) Certificate notifications

Agenda:
   * RPATHS
   * Cert workflow notifications - Doug working on it
   * Debian openssl leftovers
      * Mac OS gsi-ssh client - Jim looking into it
   * AOB

RPATHS fix - Some difficulties with pacman update, fixed now. minor tweeks, doing final testing,
then back port to earlier versions, expect release Mon. or Tues.

Doug will update certificate RA workflow diagrams showing notifications including to PIs. Can review and discuss next week.

Debian openssl - !GermanGridCA - revoked the weak keyed certificates. The '+' sign in our table is not
necessarily reliable.

Jim looking into the Mac OS client issue. Is getting a UK eScience cert and will test it out.

From previous action items:

A little discussion on DOEGrids PMA about pseudonyms. Doug thinks that if a real DN
is included in !subjectAltName that one can make an argument for a pseudonym in Subject,
still following all the rules about uniquness and binding for Subjects.  EGEE folks really dislike
pseudonyms and IGTF is against it.  For now it appears we can not justify the GOC use of
pseudonyms especially without a DN in the subject alt name.

Proxy cleanup needs to include storage, and perhaps other services.
Doug will send note to Alex S. about proxies & bestman for Jim.

Have looked at vdt-update-certs and it does http get for CA files. Not the most secure method.
There was some discussion of design before vdt-update-certs was implemented and it was
decided that doing the quick/easy thing now was worth it and to return to the issue for
more complete/secure methods later (after OSG 1.0?).

Re-assigned the key/certificate for security@opensciencegrid.org to Rob Q. He is almost ready.

-- Main.DougOlson - 05 Jun 2008
