%META:TOPICINFO{author="JenyTeheran" date="1461092122" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time. (Today at 4pm)
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 3297985


---++ Dave


---++ Jeny
   * OSG CA Transition
      * Transition scheduled for April went OK. Vo-client v65 was released on time and there are no issues reported so far.
      * SCDA was pushed to May.
      * Transition for VOs scheduled for May 10th: NERSC, SURAGrid, DREAM, LBNL, CompBioGrid??, LQCD, BNL, LZ, CIGI, SCDA.
      * Fix for Atlas issue still pending for testing [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/OSGPKI-399][JIRA ticket]]
      * Issue with host certificate request including many Alternate names. CILogon was enforcing a maximum length of 255 characters on the list of alt hostnames. Fix has been deployed in CILogon test endpoint, waiting for testing. Details at [[https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29375][OIM ticket]]
   * Operations
      * The CRL errors with SDG-G2 were related to the previous IGTF release and was solved with the new release on April 12th. It seems the error was transient.
      * No new vulnerabilities affecting OSG
      * Corrections were included in the SLA between XSEDE and OSG for CILogon Service. Waiting for comments from Rob Q.
      * OSG announcement was sent to inform the users that CILogon certificates cannot be used for email signing. 
   * DCAFI
      * Met with Jim Basney last week to discuss about the MOU and the SLA between XSEDE and Fermilab for the CILogon Basic CA. Working on the draft.
      * Working on the SLA and the OLA for MyProxy.
   * Fermilab Security
      * Presented at CS Liaisons the Security guidelines for experiments. Testing possible implementations.
      * Working with Gene Oleynik as part of a working team to produce recommendations for Fermilab's storage future plans.
      * Working on paper proposals regarding innovative authentication and access control mechanisms for the Grid.
      * Attended the IIT ForenSecure'16 last week. Some interesting technical conferences about CSIR and discussions about IoT. 

---++ Anand
   * Developing a plan for an OSG Security Drill targeting OSG sites. See https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/SecurityDrillMay2016 for initial thoughts. Will identify 10 sites in the next few weeks.

 </noautolink>


-- Main.AnandPadmanabhan - 19 Apr 2016
