%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1302022898" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Minutes 4/5/2011


Marko: 
   * doing another editing pass. gave the sbgrid user documentation. SBgrid gave back some feedback. Will start working on the more generic document. 
   * put the working document into the twiki
   * Vo cert request page: 8-9 VOs have been contacted. except 2 we heard back from all. 
   * stop contacting the VOs. Marko will put a summary document on twiki
   * come to security team meetings at 11:30 each week. 

Igor: 
   * nothing to report. 

Anand: 
   * working on glexec vulnerability report
   * setting up the meeting
   * he would be happy to continue creating as long as we need. continue until third quarter. 
   * fetch-crl v2.7 is no longer supported. fetch-crl 2.8 eol 2012 june. 
   * Steve's host cert ticket is also ready to close
   * Th and Friday-- Anand is gone. 
   * created the service certificate policy and sent it to the xrootd. Close the item. Make sure the policy follows the regular template. 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 05 Apr 2011
