%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1383670250" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Notes

*Kevin, Anand*

*Kevin*
   * Observation from Hepix. Federated Login systems. People were most excited about federations. Most questions were about DigiCert transition
   * Will respond to WLCG about our plans for banning tool. 
   * Wrap up the Xsede incident. Finish the incident report on twiki
   * Finish up the newsletter on CIlogon Basic CA. Let's also add traceability into the newsletter
   * Will talk to Rob Q about changes planned for the cvmfs at GOC. 
   * Looked at Dave's cvmfs paper. Nothing different than what we expected. Will join the intl. cvmfs evaluation group.
   * SHA-2 certs for the CMS folks.  
   
*Anand*

   * Usage percentage of sites with the CIlogon Basic CA. Roughly 40-45% of used wall clock time in OSG. 
   * Write a newsletter article explaining the java vulnerabilities, why they are so important, a few real life examples, the consequences of running java 6, how to do the upgrade. There is a java upgrade link https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Documentation/Release3/Java6Migration
   * Glow VO. Understand how Glow VO meet the requirements. We should do actual tests on whether Glow VO can produce the logs file. 1) Get a full submission architecture 2) Write down how they manage users, how a user is accepted into membership and how their accounts are created 3) do actual tests on whether they can trace a user
   * Abstract for isgc. Nov 18. 
   * On vacation for two weeks around Thanksgiving.  
     




-- Main.MineAltunay - 05 Nov 2013
