%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047947" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---++Meeting Minute 20/26/2010
Attendees Rob Q, Alain, Jim, Anand, Rob Engel, and Igor

   * Rob invited Jim to documentation meeting this friday. They will discuss the remaining work there. 
   * Discussed the RA work and the duties associated with this. Rob in general understands this work and thinks it is worth bringing up to the ET. *Action Item* Mine will prepare a transition proposal and ask ET's permission. 
   * Meetings that Doug used to attend. Ops meeting. Doug mainly reports RA related business. *Action Item* We will ask if he continues attending the meeting as long as he continues the RA work.  Once the RA work is transitioned, security team will only attend the ops meeting as needed. For any security questions during this meeting, GOC will create a security ticket and assign it to security support center. 

   * Alain asked about PPDG scripts maintained by Doug. Mine requested a STG meeting. Alain will set this up. 
   * Igor mentions the security announcements may not be easy to understand for Tier3s. Jim contacted the tier3 coordinators. We invited them for signing up for incident-discuss-l. Rik did not take up on the offer. We may bring this up at tier3 meeting again. 
   * Igor also mentions virtualization techniques are fast coming on our way. 
   * Anand is making steady progress on the ST&E controls. 
   * Jim is watching out the vulnerabilities and patches. we have 4 tickets open, 3 patches out. Security blog is up to date. he will start confirming contact information form OIM. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 26 Oct 2010
