%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625572" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Thursdays 10-11 am Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 8406490

---++ Introductions

   * Introduce Zalak Shah to the team  
   * Let team do quick intros so Zalak knows who everyone is.

---++ Dave
   * On vacation

---++ Jeny
   * Working on HEPCloud Risk assessment
   * DigiCert has replied to https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/30812. They can disable the API entirely.
   * DCAFI testing
      * Testing SSL server security for IdP
      * Helping NOvA to solve issues when generating a new proxy derived from the original proxy given by cigetcert.
   * Globus GSSAPI Name compatibility: Checking the last certificates in VOMS server to check if they are compliant with the new strict mode implementation. 

---++ Anand

   * Discussion re: Singularity
      * Seems to provide reasonable isolation, protection from escalation to root
      * Open questions remain about traceability / accountability / logging in the context of OSG and our implementation
      * Need to rope in Brian for more information

---++ Mine

   * Continued work on HEPcloud Risk Assessment and Architecture Team efforts
   * Switching Fermilab to CILogon Basic CA, in final week
      * Currently Fermilab-centric, looking to work with outside IDPs to facilitate access using credentials/accounts they may already have
      * What about phasing out client X.509 certs?

---++ Susan

   * Nothing to report outside of new hire.


</noautolink>



-- Main.JenyTeheran - 25 Aug 2016