%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1344357457" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Notes

*Anand*
   * is away on orgaizing a conference at UIUC.

*Marco*
   * No vulnerabilities
   * Debian put the gridftp patch
   * Leaving the team

*Kevin*
   * there was a past Voms-admin vulnerability. We gave VOs the grace period to patch. The grace period must be expired now. Kevin will go back and check with the VOs
   * Installed gram 5 ce with condor. Will write a report on whether the information kept at the gram5 logs are sufficient for incident response. 
   * Pakiti. Have not installed it yet. Pakiti client v2 and v3 is the same. It seems the server is changed only. Will understand which version we should package and make available. Top priority
   * Work plan from ST&E report. What items need mitigation.Will write a page long report on what follow up work we have to do. Due by next week. 
   
*Mine*
   * Mine needs to get back into grid-sec. Pull Marco out of the list. 
   * There will be a user support meeting this Thursday.


-- Main.MineAltunay - 07 Aug 2012
