%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1331657514" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Minutes

*Kevin*

   * Still working on the AHM talk.
   * We will finish the demo. That is the number one priority. We will put slides as second priority
   * Third priority is to update the security blog with information. 

*Marco*

   * Keeping the vulnerability track web page up to date. 
   * Some time spent on other duties. Will make up the time.    
   * New redhat kernel 6. this does not affect OSG. 
   * Raised threshold for problems. For non-VDT OS-based software, pay attention to Important and critical problems. For vdt components, lower threshold to moderate level. 

*Anand*
   * Project Plan for Incident Drill is ready. 
      * Prepare an email to announce to sites. 
   * CA Streamline project: 
      * Update on software.grid.iu.edu is complete. It does not include all the changes we requested, but to move the project ahead, we decided to provide the necessary documentation on security web page. 
      * Announcement will go out today. 
      * Once the announcement is complete, we will watch and send periodic updates until GOC service is unusued. 
   * Working on JIRA ticket 547. 

*Future Projects*
   * IDM improvements and usability helps. This is different than CA transition to DigiCert
   * We have no understanding or tracking abilities for the sites a proxy has touched. Although sites have a record of who entered their site (like a passport stamped at border) the user has no record. 
   * Higher level analysis of VDT software components. 
   * Develop a system that compares bug tracks against the vdt components. 
 

  



-- Main.MineAltunay - 13 Mar 2012
