%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047950" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2009"}%
---++Meeting Minutes
Present: Jim, Anand, Doug, Aashish and Mine

Aashish:
   * security challenge. ready to run the challenge. ran in Anand's testbed without problems. wrote two job wrappers to submit to condor-g. The test script is take from Sven's code, which was written against WMS. When should we make an announcement and finsih the drills. Earlier we said April 8-9-10.  
We decided to email the sites on 4/7 and start the drill on 4/8-9. Today, Aashish will run the test job against FNAL and BNL for test purposes. Aashish will post the evaluation criteria. FNAL requires voms-proxy and BNL does not. 
check with BNL and FNAL if tomorrow is allright. 

Anand: 
   * RSV probes are done. implemented the GUMS-VOMS handshake probe. The probe does not check whether handshake runs successfully. it checks the frequency of the handshake. the probe is written against the edg-mkgridmapfile.  
   * GUMS does not have the frequency probe. what does Jay's probe really implement? Mine should ask Jay about GUMS probe.
   * the probe CA supported VO is completed. Arvind changed the RSV library. this was planned and needed for the RSV probes. Anand must change his probes to make sure the new library will work. Anand will complete the work by the end of the week.  

   * vdt-ca-manage will be included in the VDT release on April 6th 

   * Security bug with gums and edg-mkgridmap file is discovered. This allows MITM attacks.GUMS uses the glite trustmanager for its SSL Implementation.  Tests were done by OSG security and determined that  hostname verification (checking that the hostname matches the hostname within the DN of the certificate) is not done.  the same problem exists with edg-mkgridmap rile. Jay opened a GGUs ticket for GUMS. https://gus.fzk.de/ws/ticket_info.php?ticket=47586. Anand opened a ticket for edg-mkgridmapfile 
   * gLite rated these bugs as low priority. if we are concerned about MITM , we should look at vdt-update-cert script. Jim agrees. edg tries a ssl handshake. 

Jim: 
   * ESNet/OSG identity mgmt workshop. whether it is OSG workshop or ESNet workshop? Jim wrote the mission and the scope.  
   * Ruth wants to have VO Registration policy by the next blueprint meeting. mine and Jim will talk 11:30 tomorrow
   * Software vulnerability process. we have no process for this. mine wrote a software vulnerability process document last year and must send it to Jim. 

Doug: 
   * Robot/Service certificates topic as related to RSV. RSV uses service certificates to test multiple gatekeepers. Our recommendation was to use a personal certificate if the same RSV server tests multiple gatekeepers. do we have an official policy on not using service certificates ? why is this special for RSV? No and it is not special for RSV. 
   * Hardware tokens are the only better solution. Robots would not be a solution.  
   * DOEgrids disaster recovery and contingency plans. ESnet gave the material to Doug. Doug wants to learn Mine's questions. Mine wants to have a risk assessment and a contingency plan outlining procedures to recover from high risk events
   * Doug will talk to Mike and set up the weekly meeting. Mine's attendance is not needed at every meeting.  


-- Main.MineAltunay - 08 Apr 2009