%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1242144453" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings03_16_2009"}%
%TOC%
---+++Meeting Minutes 5/12/09
   * Igor: discussed with Jay and Rob. Jay thinks a few missing pieces. order of fqans were missing. did Jay read the twiki? 
well-known certificate authorities. thawte or verisign are included in SL4 and SL5. due to lack of chain. do they use sha-1 or sha-2 . doug and igor will check? 

pacman or pacball. igor thinks user does not even see the packages. vdt shuld check often enough for the integrity of caches. VDT should have logs of who downloaded the software. 
Igor does not think changing the pacman is necessary or software distribution mechanism just for this reason

   * Doug: started with contingency plan. wants to look at the certificate request history. after 5 years there is no enforcement for stopping renewal. 
a database, for gridadmins to see certificate history. no commercial certs issuing sha-2 yet. the crl issue is solved. 

   * Anand:

1. RSV Probe
   * Completed the new voms handshake success probe (for edg-mkgridmap)
   * Completed probe documentation
   * Reported operational issue with new site level CA RSV Probe and CA package releases to GOC (Rob)
2. Regular monitoring of central RSV probe
   * Upgraded the installation to OSG 1.0.1 (Also installed the latest version of all RSV probes)
3. Completed the design documentation for gums-banning tool and send it to STG for review
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CentralBanning
4. Meetings: Weekly security and one-on-one meeting with Jim

evaluate glite authorization engine

anand finished the tutorial. 
   * Aashish: send the note to fnal on thursday. will finish the tutorial. the presentation will start next week. 




-- Main.MineAltunay - 12 May 2009