%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466100394" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---++Meeting Notes

*Kevin*
   * CILogon: Tests are completed. Steve wants a new rpm with only allowed IdPs. Then file for a change request in ITIL system. They also have one more test case of GUMS whether GUMS needs the CILogon Basic CA.This should be ready by next Wednesday. 
   * CILogon Basic Risk Trash/Assessment update based on Trash/Blueprint feedback. 
   * SHA-2 Transition plan. Mine and Kevin will cretae a testing and coordination plan for the summer. 
   * The security test and controls are ongoing. 
   * Long-lived proxies. Finish testing banning the proxies based on lifetimes in LCMAPS. And then announce steps to sites. Should we announce as a policy? 2 weeks max as our recommendation. But really up to the sites. 

*Anand*
   * Traceability project: 
      *Checked the feasibility of having extra attributes in voms-proxy. The issues are that the frontend does not send a certificate when it submits the jobs. The factory will have to put this information into the glidein proxy. But this is not easy because until the glidein fetches the job form the job queue it does not know which end user it belongs to. And then it is too late because the glidein proxy is already in the worker node. So this solution is not going to work. As an alternative, Anand is examining whether we can send the user name through the condor classads. If the frontend puts the user name in the class ad and this can be sent to the site all the way this will be very useful
   * Other comments on the traceability project during the blueprint. Shared it with team. Anand will enhance the assessment to inlucde the three affects of not having glexec: traceability, job isolation, and banning at the sites. We will then list the responsibilities of sites and VOs in a separate document, 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 11 Jun 2013
