%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1260459326" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings03_16_2009"}%
---++Meeting Minutes 10/27/2009:

   * David Stampf is replacing John Hover for GUMS maintenance and support
      * in couple weeks, David will be ready. He is looking at the code and trying to understand the components
      * Gums 1.3 and 1.4 insecure download from GOC. 
      * Gums 1.3 and 1.4 has merging done. No backporting
      * featured priorities recyclable pool accounts
      * 1.4 bug persistence bug did not release
      **Action Item*: Gums 1.3.7 handed to VDT ask Alain about ITB release
      * Every 2-3 months a point release 

*Doug* 
   * has created the package and dropped the svn
    * GOC knows about the new package

*Igor*
   * pacman will support signatures?

*Anand*
   * will work on Catalin's questions. user's questions. 
   * site admin tutorial on columbia

*Jim*
   * next T3 meeting is at Rice with Pablo Yepes
   * what about the site that we cannot submit jobs
   * blogspot
   * *Action Item* we should all get accounts to edit blogspot
   * tickets. how many sites reviewed the ticket
  


-- Main.MineAltunay - 27 Oct 2009