%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1213124142" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---+ Security Meeting Minutes 06/10/2008

Jim, Doug, Ron, Alain, Mine, Rob Q

Discussion of the Rpath vulnerability and communication problems. 

---+++ line between security and obscurity. It is a fine balance how much we should disclose vs. how much we keep under the cover.

It is necessary to give sites time to update

TG incident team prefers full disclosure. This is a small group. 

Jim: if we expect sites to make their own decision to protect themselves we must give them the full disclosure. EGEE makes minimum disclosure but maybe they have a different relationship with the sites. 

--Jim: did EGEE people see teh announcement text: Mine I do nto think so. 

Jim: Linda was on Globus security email list she must ahev seen. Alain. she was sick half of past week. 

--Mine: what was Maarten's role in EGEE? Alain's peer. It was my mistake I did not contact Romain. who is Rob Q's peer at EGEE?

Nick/Maria Lopez. Linda Cornwall is the vulnerability person. 

---+++ how much OSG is responsible when VDT serves other customers. 

Very important question to carry to the facility. Mine did not think she was responsible as 
OSG security Officer. Alain thought I was. if VDT asks questions about what to do for other customers, should OSG answer? 

Doug thinks VDT is the product of OSG so we should have responsibility. 

Jim thinks we must clarify software distribution and OSG facility problems from one another. 

---+++ We lack a clear procedure to follow in cases of incidents. 

We must have a procedure document and then review the incident response policy. 
several issues to consider:

	binary/fix naming along with vulnerability naming

   	URL naming

	determining risk levels -- no clear definition -- and response times

	who is responsibel for what: backup people, some team rotation. shoudl the entire team see the announcement --yes

		what about consulting Miron and Ruth -- should we do at each step

		who should approve the announcement before it goes out. 

	secure channels for disclosing (see below)

	VDT consumers -- how to find their contacts and coordinate their announcements. If OSG is responsible. 

		we should know their peers and workings a bit. 

	Ron: after the incident: identify the permanent fixes. separate during and afetr fixes. After fixes, e.g. LIGO's debian failure. we must understand and incorporate it as a permanent fix 
but it was not a "during" fix. 

   
---+++ secure communication channels: 

	we will go ahead with PGP keys. 

	Mine will get one for the security team. the team will sign before an announcement goes out. any security team member should be able to do this. 

	OIM will send out the emails. 
	
	for posting announcements: OIM request a security contact accessible twiki page, where each security contact can read and write feedback over security incidents. 
	
        
        Rob will put this as a wish list. OIM can control access based on security contacts DNs
	
        until this is done by OIM, we will use twiki for announcement like at Debian. Anyone without twiki account cannot read it. We have nto gotten any complaints yet. 

	--Jim can we start using incident-response-l list. Can we also add site amdins like Ian Stokes-Rees to this list. Agreed. Doug has management of this list . he will let Mine to subscribe interested site admins. 

---+++ action items 
	--we need to re-prioritize our tasks. 
	
         Jim is getting overloaded. He will do Incident Response procedure and policy with Ron

	--Ron will read teh incident response policy and start the procedure with Mine

	--Jim is not available until next week. he will take a stab at it after Ron passes it. 

	--Doug will do the RA flowchart per Ian's suggestions and update the web site. he will also get this implemented for DOEgrids

	--Doug will list teh log files useful for site admins in cases of suspicious behavior

	--Mine will email VDT to keep track of LIGO Debian failure --this is not high priority but I do not want it slip through the cracks.
this is "after" part of an incident

	--Doug will work on securely posting an incident report on the twiki. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 10 Jun 2008
