%META:TOPICINFO{author="ZalakShah" date="1495485178" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Monday 3pm - Chicago time. 
   * Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://IU.zoom.us/j/453170846
   * Or Dial: +1 408 638 0968 (US Toll) or +1 646 558 8656 (US Toll)
      Meeting ID: 453 170 846 


---++ Administrativa
   * Present: Susan, Zalak, Anand, Jeny, Dave
   * Regret: 
   * Agenda Bashing 
   
---++ Standing Items 
   

---++ Old Business
   * The security patch for VOMS-admin was postponed again (it was scheduled for May) and Susan wants to revisit this topic with the OSG Software team.
      * They are droping VOMS-admin from OSG 3.4
      * Brian Lin's team is handling the packaging  
      * AI: Jeny to follow up with Brian Lin
      * Jeny: Build was finished on last Friday 

   * Yubikey -Dave
      * Susan dropped a note to Rob Quick
      * Dave needs 2
      * Susan talked with Scott T and Rob Q.
      * Scott will order and follow up with Dave directly 

   * WannaCry ransomeware targeting Microsoft Windows systems is over the news. It exploits a vulnerability MS17-010[20] in Microsoft's implementation of the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol. There are worldwide reports and Europe has been affected widely. According to NCSA SecOps, here in the US the news of compromise across US research institutions and universities is particularly sparse.
      * As of 11:56 (eastern) IU University Information Security Office (UISO) says there are no reports of affected machines at IU. They will be conducting scans and will immediately block any machine found to be affected. OSGO has no MS machines running any service.
      * Susan- Is OSG infrastructure is impacted by this? 
      * Jeny to double check with Brian Lin 
      * Jeny confirmed with Brian L.
      * OSG doesn't support Windows
      * In GOC, we don't use any Windows systems

   * Upcoming NSF summit - Susan
      * August 15-17
      * Susan to present something about OSG
         * Susan is open for suggestions for topics 
         * Susan- Grey pigeon i.e. small issues in accumulation could cause damage   
         * AI: Susan to talk with Mine (add Jeny in CC)
         * Incident could also depend on how the user is using the software packages
         * Documentation on how to use the s/w package 

---++ New Business
   * Susan got permission for GitHub for the Security team
   * Jeny: Are we migrating our private Twiki to GitHub?
      * Susan: We can move it to IU Google docs

---++ Last Call / Follow-up / Reminders
   * No call on May 29

-- Main.ZalakShah - 22 May 2017
