%META:TOPICINFO{author="SusanSons" date="1488228498" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Monday 3pm - Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID  8562949

---++ Administrativa
   * Present: 
   * Absent: 
   * Agenda Bashing
   * *NO MEETING NEXT WEEK* as too many of us will be at the AHM.  We will resume as normal on March 13.
   
   
---++ Standing Items
   
   * AHM Plan
      * Susan, Jeny, Dave: attending all 4 days     
      * Zalak: only attending Wednesday(03/08) and Thursday (03/09)
      * Susan has arranged for the "training" block to be a long office hours / ask us anything format.  Due to the wide range of questions in survey responses and short prep time, this seemed like the best way to serve the community's needs.
   
   * Year 6 goals
      * All: think on this, plan to cover in our March 20 call  (holding March 13 for an AHM postmortem and any backlog )

---++ Old Business
            
   * CVMFS masterkey hardware -- CERN is switching to using [[https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/CvmFS/YubikeySigning][Yubikey]].  Yubikey 4 is $40 on [[https://www.amazon.com/Yubico-Y-158-YubiKey-4/dp/B018Y1Q71M/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1487020270&sr=8-2&keywords=yubikey+neo][Amazon]]. Plan is for Dave to order one for himself to try out, and if all goes well order 3 for the GOC: production, ITB, and spare.  Susan approved via email last week.  Dave received key but hasn't had a chance to try it yet.

---++ New Business

   * COmanage service -- Dave received an admin account on the OSG instance on [[https://registry-beta.cilogon.org/registry/][CILogon's 2.0 COmanage]] service.  He hasn't had time to do much with yet though.
   * The public security wiki has been migrated to Github Pages at https://opensciencegrid.github.io/security/
      * Let Susan know what your Github username is so that you can get access.
      * Please set up two-factor auth on your Github account.
   * We need to audit the private Security Team twiki content to see what can be gotten rid of or archived, what can be migrated to public, and what needs to be maintained privately, so that we can make a migration plan off of twiki, as operations plans to eventually decommission the twiki instance (we do not have a timeline on this yet, I'm trying to stay far ahead of it).
   


---++ Last Call / Follow-up / Reminders


-- Main.SusanSons - 27 Feb 2017
