%META:TOPICINFO{author="ZalakShah" date="1480972978" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Monday 3pm - Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID  8562949

---++ Dave
   * Our request to move the Security twiki pages to SecurityTeam (and we would move back the public pages by hand) had unintended consequences.  Every occurrence of the word "Security" (with an uppercase S) anywhere on the twiki was changed to SecurityTeam, not just links.  I'm trying to see if I can get Kyle to change it back.  It will probably mess up the links that are supposed to have SecurityTeam in them but that is a relatively small number of pages.
   * There was a MyProxy issue today, they added 2 new jobsub servers sharing myproxy.fnal.gov, and wanted to share the same account with the fifebatch servers and the new servers.  Neha contacted me, and they needed to update the cigetcertopts.txt on all 4 servers to match with a --myproxyretrievers expression that matched the certs for all 4, and also updated the mu2epro account's entry on myproxy.fnal.gov
   * I suggested a method of using a service certificate to automate getting new certificates, written up on Brian's [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CV0oGi3_cUUQ-bKaARe-DWHGdFk47q3PsDpcDskDFjc/edit?usp=sharing][google doc]].

---++ Jeny
   * Reported to xrootd upstream team at CERN about the issue with accepting malformed/not RFC complying proxies.
   * Working on OSG Risk Assessment document for 2016 and updating OSG Security Plan.
      * Contacted OSG core service owners to fill the pending surveys.
      * Finished the Risk table and updated the OSG Risk Assessment document.
   * Opened a SNOW ticket regarding the malfunctioning of opensciencegrid mailing lists hosted at FNAL. None of the lists were working due to a misconfiguration in FNAL Exchange mail server.

---++ Anand

---++ Mine

---++ Susan  

---++ Zalak
   * Done with the risk assessment (table) 
   * Working on Risk Assessment document
   * Working on new CA package for distribution


</noautolink>




-- Main.DaveDykstra - 05 Dec 2016
