%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047949" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time.
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 8406490

---++ Dave
   * Olga got Kerberos support working in ECP !IdP, including kcron support.  She's now working on doing SERVICES password authentication on the same server that's supporting Kerberos
   * Jim Basney said cilogon can add on /CN=UID:&lt;uid&gt;.  Do we want to change the non-ECP !IdP the same way?
   * Authentication services group should be able to generate the list of all uids to DN translation
   * Met with software developers with final KCA w/ECP replacement design
   * Mostly finished OASIS implementation of signing external repository .cvmfswhitelist files, deployment scheduled for October 13
   * OSG software installation instructions now use https for installing the base rpms that include GPG keys
   * Had discussion about CRLs in CVMFS, needs more discussion including by Executive Team.  I obtained access to the oasis-login account that generates them so I can help debug if it gets stuck again and I see the ticket before Mat or Brian.
   * Jeny made first draft of the paper, I need to work on it next week

---++ Jeny
   * First draft of paper for CISR'16 sent.
   * dCache vulnerability with SRM door: announcement sent
   * Request for routine deployment of 1.47 and 1.48 CAs bundles
   * Looking for bugs in GUMS 1.5  administrative interface
   * Logistics for the Computing Technology event

---++ Anand
   * A almost a complete draft of the OSG Connect. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RRsVPVUl6jIQwTmmpHSb7wqtO_fjYE5cAGBK5y2nvCs/edit?usp=sharing.
   * Followed up with Suchandra and Dave Champion on traceability drill. 
   * Retrieved the details of the RSV probes we developed earlier from the wiki.
   * Investigated the requirement posed by IGTF on CAs regarding CRLs. 

-- Main.DaveDykstra - 24 Sep 2015