%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1249583749" format="1.1" version="1.10"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!!<nop>Security Session Agenda and Notes
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%

---+++!!Remote Participants

   * We will use ESNET ......

---++ Agenda


---+++ Monday afternoon, August 21, 2006 

   *  3:30 - 4:30 During the break-- Agenda bashing, questions from plenary talk
   *  4:30 - 5:00 Discussion of parallel session and OSG work -  Don Petravick _(Fermilab)_
   *  5:00 - 5:15 EGEE-OSG policy commonalities and divergences ([[%ATTACHURL%/Kelsey21aug06a.ppt][ppt]], [[%ATTACHURL%/Kelsey21aug06a.pdf][pdf]]) - Dave Kelsey _(CCLRC/RAL UK)_
   *  5:15 - 5:30 !TeraGrid Identification Infrastructure roadmap and Interoperation with the OSG ([[%ATTACHURL%/20060821OSG_TGSecurity.ppt][ppt]], [[%ATTACHURL%/20060821OSG_TGSecurity.pdf][pdf]]) - Dane Skow _(ANL)_
   *  5:30 - 5:45 Security for Open Science Forensics & OSG ([[%ATTACHURL%/security-CET-overview-OSG.ppt][ppt]], [[%ATTACHURL%/security-CET-overview-OSG.pdf][pdf]]) - Brian Tierney _(LBNL)_

%GRAY% Not covered
   *  5:45 - 6:30 Discussion of OSG Work together with External Partner  interactions, collaboration, next steps
   *  6:30 - 7:30 Training Session for Core OSG players (with Pizza) - Irwin Gaines _(Fermilab)_
%ENDCOLOR%

---++++ Notes
Attendees: Don P., Bob C., Dave K., Doug O., Brian T., Torre W., Gabriele G., Keith Chadwick, David S., Ian Fisk, Marco M., Preston Smith, Conrad S., David Alexander, Horst Severini, Bill K., (+ 4 not identified, OK to add yourselves)

<b>Risk Assessment</b> - no additional discussion.

<b>Dave Kelsy - EGEE-OSG policy commonalities and divergences</b><br>
The Joint Security Policy Group (JSPG) started at EGEE-LCG and now joint means EGEE-OSG-WLCG.<br>
Goal for common policies for
   * User AUP
   * Site AUP
   * VO AUP
   * Operational procedures & other policies
   * Write documents independent of any particular grid
Grid policies do not override local policies

Q: Does VO AUP make any stipulation on VOs about their software?<br>
A: No but it is a good thing for us to work on.

Things we have in common now:
   * Grid AUP
   * security incident response
   * CA approval (has EGEE approval, does it have OSG approval?)

Divergences
   * EGEE assumes sites already have appropriate policies
      * (Editorial note: Doesn't OSG assume that sites have appropriate policies?)
   * VO AUP
      * Will VOs accept responsibility for users?
      * VOs are not legal entities
      * Are VOs capable of operations & risk analysis?
   * Data privacy legal issues?
We do need to work jointly on these

JSPG is working on new top-level document policy
   * Can we have common version with OSG & EGEE

DP, DK - We need a document describing policy requirements on running services (OSG has a Services AUP)

DS &#8211; There are some parallels between business partnerships between VOs and it may be worth considering what has been learned about business partnerships.

<b>Dane Skow &#8211; !TeraGrid</b><br>
!TeraGrid Overview 
   * Peer review allocations process for NSF researchers
   * Growth area in connecting to campus infrastructures
Security
   * identity based with affiliation to a project, 
   * Central user registry
   * Access via - X509, direct login, user portal/web gateway
   * Working to use X509 as the universal identifier
   * Incident response team meets weekly (useful social & technical function)
      * TG has about 2 incidents/quarter
Participating in GIN - Grid Interoperation Now in GGF (X509 + VOMS attributes)<br>
Looking at shibbolith (gridshib.globus.org/tg-paper.html)<br>
Will try at Purdue as test for TG<br>
(Penn State, UChicago & Purdue use shib for campus infrastructure !AuthZ, for exchange/access of resources between institutions)

_discussion_ <br>
Q: What about VO name space, conflicts?<br>
A: TG agrees to use general VO namespace plan (DNS-like)<br>

Q: Can CMS VOMS attributes be spoofed?<br>
A: IF &#8211; we checked once and decided no<br>
Q: But isn&#8217;t attribute signed by voms cert & checked? (no definitive answer)

On TG people login to portals/gateways with their personal ID, then submit jobs with a VO ID.

Q: How to deal with export controls? <br>
A: Just starting to talk about it, no final solution yet.

<b>Brian Tierney -  Security for Open Science CET</b><br>
Proposal approved in base program and starts Oct. 1

Summary of work (slide 5)<br>
   * Auditing and forensics 
      * Services to enable sites, communities, and application scientists to determine precisely who did what, where and when. 
   * Dynamic ports in firewalls 
      * Services to open and close ports dynamically for applications while enforcing site policy. 
   * Identity management 
      * Services to seamlessly manage identity and access control across sites and collaborations, and to allow for rapid response to security incidents. 
   * Secure middleware 
      * Services to proactively find and fix software vulnerabilities and guarantee deployed security software is current and correctly configured. 

_discussion_ <br>
ML - hopefully we can work to create more secure software<br>
DS - are you going to be software providers or services providers<br>
ML - Wisc will do a service<br>

DP - is it clear the cardinality of audit db's is per VO?<br>
BT - many VOs liked the idea<br>

ML - so how do we work together?<br>
DP - maybe it is useful for the many people to come to you<br>
DP - Software needs acceptance work<br>
ML - we have quite a bit of work to do after we get software to include/integrate/make it work for us<br>
ML - need to schedule the SOSCET-OSG meeting for joint plans<br>


---+++ Wednesday afternoon, August 23, 2006
   * VOs Responsibility and Agreements
      * Draft OSG VO AUP 0.1 ([[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.doc][doc]], [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.pdf][pdf]])
      * Slides from Bob Cowles ([[%ATTACHURL%/Grid_Security_-_OSGmeeting.ppt][ppt]])

---++++ Notes
Attendees: Bob C., Don P., Keith C., Dave K., Doug O., Vicky W., Gabriele G., Horst S., Bill K., Murali R., Eileen B., Lin Simon, Kazushige Saga

VOs provide & install software and there must be some expectations.<br>
_extended discussion_ <br>

   * for VO AUP - VO provides software, must have some configuration management process in place and some controls
   * consider having software checking automatically for updates
   * maybe need a software AUP
   * assume that every VO knows and can contact all their users

   * what about transient light-weight VOs? a different trust model?
   * services policy probably needs updating

List of policies
   * services
   * software

Elements of VO Policy
   * purpose
   * VO agreement with it's users
   * users security contact
   * supply contact info
   * location of servers (VOMS)
   * responsive to complaints

If mis-use happens does the OSG have responsibility or is it a site & VO reponsibilities?

BK - Sites provide resources to OSG and OSG then has some responsibility about the behavior of VOs

Is Peer-reviewed science a necessary component of granting access to resources on DOE (& NSF) provided resources?



---++ Attachments

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Kelsey21aug06a.ppt][Kelsey21aug06a.ppt]]: EGEE - OSG Policy Commonalities & Divergences (ppt)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Kelsey21aug06a.pdf][Kelsey21aug06a.pdf]]: EGEE - OSG Policy Commonalities & Divergences (pdf)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/20060821OSG_TGSecurity.ppt][20060821OSG_TGSecurity.ppt]]: !TeraGrid Security Roadmap (ppt)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/20060821OSG_TGSecurity.pdf][20060821OSG_TGSecurity.pdf]]: !TeraGrid Security Roadmap (pdf)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/security-CET-overview-OSG.ppt][security-CET-overview-OSG.ppt]]: Security for Open Science CET Overview (ppt)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/security-CET-overview-OSG.pdf][security-CET-overview-OSG.pdf]]: Security for Open Science CET Overview (pdf)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.doc][OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.doc]]: OSG VO AUP V0.1 (doc)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.pdf][OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.pdf]]: OSG VO AUP V0.1 (pdf)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Grid_Security_-_OSGmeeting.ppt][Grid_Security_-_OSGmeeting.ppt]]: Bob Cowles, Grid Security, incl. VO slide (ppt)


-- Main.PenelopeConstanta - 09 Aug 2006

-- Main.DougOlson - 22 Aug 2006

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Kelsey21aug06a.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="EGEE - OSG Policy Commonalities & Divergences (pdf)" date="1156225878" path="Kelsey21aug06a.pdf" size="380797" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Grid_Security_-_OSGmeeting.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Bob Cowles, Grid Security, incl. VO slide (ppt)" date="1156359787" path="Grid_Security_-_OSGmeeting.ppt" size="372224" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="20060821OSG_TGSecurity.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="TeraGrid Security Roadmap (ppt)" date="1156225936" path="20060821OSG_TGSecurity.ppt" size="77312" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="20060821OSG_TGSecurity.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="!TeraGrid Security Roadmap (pdf)" date="1156225966" path="20060821OSG_TGSecurity.pdf" size="19132" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Kelsey21aug06a.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="EGEE - OSG Policy Commonalities & Divergences (ppt)" date="1156225821" path="Kelsey21aug06a.ppt" size="1031680" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="security-CET-overview-OSG.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Security for Open Science CET Overview (ppt)" date="1156255866" path="security-CET-overview-OSG.ppt" size="206848" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.doc" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="OSG VO AUP V0.1 (doc)" date="1156359708" path="OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.doc" size="108544" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="security-CET-overview-OSG.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Security for Open Science CET Overview (pdf)" date="1156255893" path="security-CET-overview-OSG.pdf" size="169776" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="OSG VO AUP V0.1 (pdf)" date="1156359735" path="OSG-VOAUP-V0.1.pdf" size="29426" user="Main.DougOlson" version="1"}%
