%META:TOPICINFO{author="DanFraser" date="1314738893" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="CampusGridMeetings"}%



-- Main.DanFraser - 30 Aug 2011
---++ Joint Campus HTC Infrastructure & HTPC Meeting
---+++ Attendees: 
   * (To be completed after the meeting) Greg Thain (U Wisc), John !McGee (RENCI), Steven Cox (RENCI), Derek Weitzel (UNL), Horst Severini (OU),Marco Mambelli (UChicago), Kim Dillman (Purdue), Bill Marmagas (Virginia Tech), Roger Link (Virginia Tech), Serguei Federov (Notre Dame), Dan Fraser (UChicago/ANL)

---+++ Notes:
   * The new call time is Tuesdays at 1:00 Central
      * Yu Fu will only be able to attend the first 15 minutes
      * Ben Cotton has a class this semester at this time, but we will be working with him out of band.
   * Serguei Fedorov will be the new representative from Notre Dame -- welcome Serguei!
   * Greg (as far as I know ) is still working on the Condor problem between FIU and UF. 
   * Bill Marmagas (Virginia Tech) has his site flocking HTPC jobs via Engage (Renci) to the OSG as well as a Campus grid set up and working. Future plan is to transition the submit host to a permanent location and add a couple of additional clusters to the campus configuration. Also, Bill's group has an interest in possibly using SQUID to cache 800MB files for use with his application. We will support Bill in this effort.
   * Roger Link (Virginia Tech) is still running his Campus grid on two clusters. Primary users are intended to be the Belle and Daya Bay. There may still be a certificate problem with Leo Piilonen. Roger is investigating.
   * Kim noted that a reasonable next step with the XSEDE / OSG action list should be to add the Common User Guide document to the XSEDE repository describing how to acces OSG resources. This also means that we need to set up a way to handle tickets submitted to the XSEDE system concerning OSG access. Longer term, there will be work on making OSG accessible from the XSEDE infrastructure. Need to understand and coordinate this partly through Jim Weichel since he is working in this area.  
   * RENCI is continuing to work with Brian Blanton on the ADCIRC code. Also, they have engaged with a Duke university Chemistry group and are exploring making DIRAC run on both HTPC as well as GPUs (at NERSC). John M. sent a note to Zach requesting the status of Baker Lab runs since there have not been any of these jobs running.

---+++ Meeting notes are available online at http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/CampusGrids/CampusGridMeetings
