%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284787" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="CampusGridMeetings"}%




-- Main.DanFraser - 20 Sep 2011
---++ Joint Campus HTC Infrastructure & HTPC Meeting
---+++ Attendees: 
   * John !McGee (RENCI), Steven Cox (RENCI), Derek Weitzel (UNL), Marco Mambelli (UChicago), Yu Fu (UFlorida), Kim Dillman (Purdue),  Rob Snihur (FNAL), Bill Marmagas (Virginia Tech), Dan Fraser (UChicago/ANL)

---+++ Notes:
   * Yes we will meet next Tuesday.
   * Bill has made a great deal of progress on his "test" campus grid (until he transitions the Campus Factory and submit host to a permanent home). He has submitted several batches of 1000 HTPC jobs to the grid. Current issue is making the jobs more suitable to preemption (and tuning the job timeout parameter) to stop jobs from getting orphaned. He just tried installing a CF on SLES 11 and it seems to be working fine. Previously he has sent a few test HTPC jobs through the Engage front end. Next step is to test with a bigger batch. Steve agreed to help him in case there are any issues.
   * RENCI is undergoing some hardware upgrades and changes. As part of this the RENCI Bellhaven machine is being decommissioned.
   * Steve is continuing to work with Chemistry and Weather modeling users. Plan is for the chemistry users to start using the DIRAC machine at NERSC. This system has GPUs available for use.
   * Rob S. to contact UCLA and Baylor (both CMS T3s) to see if they are interested in setting up a campus grid for CMS jobs. If so, we can begin understanding how to get CMS software working on the clusters attached to the grid.
   * Yu Fu will ping Paul to see if the Oct 17 date is likely to work for setting up a hands on mini workshop on Campus Grids for the Sunshine grid participants.
   * Yu Fu has also been working with Greg and Derek to enable Jorge (FIU) to send jobs to the UFlorida submit host. Yu has enabled CCB to try and work around the firewall issues. Will know soon if this is working.
   * Kim sent out a common template for resource providers to use on XSEDE. Marco will have a look at this and raise issues that we need to work on for this integration. Also, it is important to help XSEDE get a ticketing system setup to forward OSG tickets to the right area within OSG. Marco will also explore with Kim how to help make this happen and where these tickets should be routed within OSG. 

---+++ Meeting notes are available online at http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/CampusGrids/CampusGridMeetings