%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1219701571" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/07/19

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/07/19 at 11am CDT.<br />
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]]; Wayne Betts (STAR) and Levent Hajdu (STAR).

<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] -->

---++ Agenda

This meeting was fairly short: Chris discussed the role of the User Support Group with Wayne and Levente until Frank and Abhishek joined; and then we went over the Users' Meeting arrangements to ensure that nothing had been overlooked. Everything looked reasonable and on-track.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 02 Aug 2007
