%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1220887342" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/07/24
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/06/12 at *13:30 Chicago time*.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech) 
   * [[Main.Anand.Padmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]] (Troubleshooting/UIUC) 
   * Andy Howard, Purdue 
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL). 
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).<br />[[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD). 
   * Preston Smith, Purdue 
   * %BLUE%[[Main.Marcia.Teckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]]%ENDCOLOR% (FNAL) 

---++ Agenda

---+++ Status of Pending Action Items

   * [RP] MPI, NERSC & NCSA 
      * Need dedicated help in this area; %BLACK%Preston and Andy will help; also see discussion below %ENDCOLOR% 
      * Is this a Users Group or Engagement item? Discuss at and Blueprint meetings 
   * [MA] Work through corrected VO contacts list and start contacting VOs for AUPs and Registration policies, think about VO Security Contact security training.%GREEN% Mine & Ruth updated VO list; Mine is preparing for training at BNL; [RP] will review training success.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [MP]: PANDA configuration, use and availability. 
      * <font color="#0000cd" class="WYSIWYG_COLOR">%GREEN%VO information in Panda: VORS/GIP aggregation to be fed into Panda DBs%ENDCOLOR%</font> 
      * %GREEN%new user-level monitoring -- work resumed%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [AB]: pass OSGEDU registration policy around for comment. 
   * [RP]: follow up with Rob Quick on VOMS DB access. 
      * %GREEN%[RP] will take over and contact Rob.%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %GREEN%Britta did request clarification from Chris on this action item--no response%ENDCOLOR% 
   * [RP]: schedule meeting w/ players from users, storage and ET. 
   * [RP]: talk to Doru, Shaowen & Sebastien about their particular orgs 
      * %GREEN%No action yet -- [RP] to pick this up. Talking to Purdue to see if they can dedicate more effort here; will also approach Troubleshooting.%ENDCOLOR% 

---++++ Last weeks Action items
   * MPI: Maxim would like Tim Miller (CHARMM) to go to BNL for a few days to dedicate to resolving his problems. Maxim to follow up. 
   * MPI: Preston and Andy will be working with Gabriele and company. 
   * Forum: Marcia: Looking at <a target="_blank" href="http://www.twiki.org/cgi-bin/view/Plugins/TWikiDotNetForumAppAddOn">Twiki Add On</a>; %GREEN%This was just installed but I haven't begun testing yet.%ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ MPI

Update:

Failed due to lack of resource from Charmm side --> Report to OSG executive board to be sent

E-mails from Tim received, Maxim sent him tech advise and invite to BNL but Charmm not vey responsive/enthusiastic

Mats and Maxim in contact about Panda

Mats looking for new MPI projects

Site information database for MPI resources needed
---++++ Action Items

Abhishek to send e-mail to ENGAGE/OSG/CAMPUS INFRASTRUCTURE colaborative efforts concerning MPI projects

Marcia to send MPI report to OSG executive board (cc OSG-USERS-GROUP)
---+++ USERS Message Board/Forum

Update: Test version at https://twiki-dev.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VOGroup/Forum/ <br />"Don't encourage tons of people to play on the development TWiki, as it will go up and down here and there."
---++++ Action Items

Testing needed: Britta volunteers

---+++ USERS group Year 3: Goals and structure--> OSG Blueprint meeting

Abhishek, Britta had offline discussion:
   * Consolidation of USERS Group, ENGAGE, EDU, Campus Infrastructure (need clear guidelines of responsibilities of each group) 
   * Give Science input to OSG Facilities like: VDT, ITB, Security 
   * Increase main stakeholder utilization of OSG resources 
   * Main stakeholder (Atlas, CMS, LIGO) support 
   * Improving Grid capabilities of OSG 

Abhishek, Maxim had offline discussion also
---++++ Action Items

Abhishek to write and distribute an e-mail with goals
---+++ VO representative discussion
---++++ Topics of Interest

* LIGO: GRATIA reporting update

Britta conducted Gratia - DGrid comparison run: some discrepency: Gratia over reporting??
---++++ Action Items

Anand and Britta to conduct a week long monitored test on BNL
---+++ Join the OSG pages

Pages for Brand new users:

<a target="_blank" href="http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/Join_the_OSG">Current page</a><br /> [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/cms/?pid=1000334][Start of New page]]

---++++ Action Items

USERS Group members to look at these pages and give input. <br />Abhishek to send email to TROUBLESHOOTING to start process of collaboration between TS, UG, ENGAGEMENT & EDUCATION. 

---+++ Any other business

Redirecting Wiki page UserSupport --> UserGroup
---++++ Action Items

Marcia will work on this

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 23 Jul 2008