%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1220887342" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserGroupMeetings"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/09/04
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time.

Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111.

---+++ Present
   * Philippe Canal (FNAL/OSG Accounting) 
   * Steve Clark (nanoHUB) 
   * Tanya Levshina (OSG Storage) 
   * Preston Smith (Purdue site) 
   * Joel Snow (D0) 
   * Britta Daudert (OSG VO Group / LIGO) 
   * Abhishek Singh Rana (OSG VO Group) 
   * Marcia Teckenbrock (OSG Communications) 
---+++ Agenda

---+++ D0 (Joel Snow & Andrew Baranovski), and related work with OSG Storage (Tanya Levshina)
   * [[D0Notes][August 21 discussion]] 
   * [[D0Notes28Aug08][Aug 28 discussion]] 
   * Goal: 
      * Improve efficiency of D0's utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Declare any final limitations, after 1-2 Quarters. 
   * Ongoing D0 analysis: 
      * http://www-d0.fnal.gov/~snow/jobscan/effs.html 
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot2days.html 
      * http://fapl001.fnal.gov:7081/results/LogSizePlot4days.html 
   * Recommendation for USCMS sites: http://datagrid.ucsd.edu/opportunistic 
   * %BLACK% *Status:* %ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%Phase 1 closed out.%ENDCOLOR% 
         * Marcia to talk to players and write Tech Note as part of this. 
      * %BLACK%D0 has solid 2-3 mo plan that will indirectly improve OSG reliability.%ENDCOLOR% 
         * 
      * %BLACK% Phase 2: to be officially revisited in 6-8 weeks.%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%Storage work moving forward but need more sites; Joel will continue adding SEs%ENDCOLOR% 
         * %BLACK%Hardware is being added, and the accompanying increased monitoring of said h/w; some aspects of the D0 workflow infrastructure have to be changed.<br />%ENDCOLOR% 
         * %BLACK%Problems w/ Purdue and MIT (%ENDCOLOR%%BLACK%possibly; may be solved).%ENDCOLOR% 
         * Problems w/ remote transfers at UNL
         * Trouble submitting jobs using ReSS (related to how DZero/SAMgrid use this information to forward jobs to ReSS.) Follow up w/ Tanya, Parag, Joel & Adam 
         * %BLACK%Mention of wasted wallclock hours--jobs are running for long periods of time, then failing. %ENDCOLOR% 
            * %BLACK%A significant part of D0s work is file transfer, so Joel thinks improving efficiency in general will decrease the wasted wallclock hrs%ENDCOLOR% 
            * %BLACK%D0 willing to throttle (currently, sets throttles based on indiv. sites; maybe a blanket throttle would be better); <br />%ENDCOLOR% 
            * %BLACK%All sites using local SRM may want to lower their allowance of jobs being run.%ENDCOLOR%
 

---+++ nanoHUB (Steve Clark), and related work with OSG Accounting (Philippe Canal)

   * [[NanohubNotes][Aug 21 discussion]] 
   * Goals: 
      * Understand possibility of different conventions, and thus variations in job accounting; nanoHUB vis-a-vis Gratia. 
      * Try to diagnose causes of low job success rates. 
      * Suggest, and move forward, measures to improve job success rates, i.e., nanoHUB efficiency. Encourage nanoHUB to increase utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Solicit nanoHUB's citing OSG usage in publications and in scientific result 
   * %BLACK%Accounting Discrepencies:%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%Are "grid jobs" and batch jobs both being reported by nanoHUB? <br />%ENDCOLOR% 
         * %BLACK%Preston to send Philippe list of condor jobs and/or look at condor_history by next week.<br />%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%New possible problem: Jobs not appearing on days Preston thinks they're running; Philippe would like to track a job from start to finish.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Step Two: look at job success rates: after accounting issues resolved. %ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ MPI, NERSC & NCSA

*Status:*
   * Andy Howard (Purdue) made changes suggested by Parag (can specify which MPI in RESS), which were successful. 
   * Parag will move change into VDT. 

---+++ USERS Message Board/Forum

*%BLACK%Status:%ENDCOLOR%*
   * %BLACK%Available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VOGroup/Forum/%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Marcia will work on as time permits.%ENDCOLOR% 

---+++ Redirecting WIKI page%NAVY% UserGroup --> VOGroup %ENDCOLOR%

%BLACK%Marcia will work on as time permits. %ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Any other business

*Wikipedia page for Open Science Grid:* <a target="_blank" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid</a>
   * Needs updating 
   * Abhishek will look at. 
   * %BLACK%If no time in two weeks, we should reassign %ENDCOLOR% 

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 04 Sep 2008<br />-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 03 Sep 2008