%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1179522858" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ !! Users' Meeting draft announcement 

This is the working draft of the Users' Meeting announcement email. Please edit as desired. The aim at this point is to have the completed draft to the EB Monday morning.

---++ Draft

This is the first announcement of the Open Science Grid Users' Meeting, to be held at FNAL on July 26th and 27th 2007. This meeting / workshop is aimed at *all* users of the OSG who meet any of the following criteria:

   * are responsible for or develop applications that run on the OSG;
   * are VO managers or their delegates;
   * are involved in any aspect of VO-specific infrastructure for OSG use, for example: workflow, meta-scheduling or portal management;
   * are users or prospective users of the OSG in any capacity and are interested in discussing issues and their solutions; or hearing about others' issues and how they may have been solved.

The emphasis in this meeting will be on sharing issues and ideas and discussing current and future needs between users and the User Support group and other OSG representatives. 

Several VOs will be receiving requests very shortly to give a presentation on some aspect or other of their VO's interactions with the OSG; but anyone who has something to say which would fit in to one of the following sessions should feel free to submit their talk.

---+++ Outline of time organization and other logistic details including: registration procedure; lack of registration fee; dinner evening of 26th; method of submitting talk suggestions.

---+++ Session descriptions and first session agenda.

---++ Post-amble

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.FkW, Main.TorreWenaus, Main.AbhishekSinghRana

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 18 May 2007
