%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1192747497" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/10/11

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/10/11 at <strong>noon CDT</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).

---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).

<!--
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC).
-->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from previous meetings

---++++ Action

---+++ MPI

---++++ Discussion

   * Mats: Notre Dame / WRF; declared, "success." Ed Bemsman is looking at something portal-like, looking for funding. Leesa is still running at NERSC, now using OSG interface. Still to make a list of attributes we want to see via GIP / !CEMON / !ReSS.
      * Question for CHARMM: how much communication is happening between jobs? Possible to manage with TCP/IP?
   * Chris: I've been involved in some of the discussion; problem of making sure we have the right CHARMM binary for a given site looks tractable; discussions ongoing.
   * Maxim: Petar will be putting together a tarball for trying CHARMM at Purdue. Progress on Environment-passing at Purdue?
      * Mats: Purdue has resolved the problem of handling environment in the !JobManager; still some minor issues, eg =XHOST= and =XHOSTCOUNT= (also at NERSC), =HOST= and =HOSTCOUNT=. Differences within Teragrid -- try to avoid inconsistencies in OSG.

---++++ Action

---+++ VO validation of ITB 0.7

Abhishek: 

   * We are now starting the final round of soliciting validation effort and <i>green flags</i> towards OSG 0.8.0 from VOs. Most ITB 0.7 sites have upgraded to the new sub-release ITB 0.7.1. Our thanks to nanoHUB (Steve Clark) and Engage (Mats Rynge) for running validation jobs in the previous week. 

   * A quick summary - Fermilab VO and SDSS/DES have completed validation, and have formally given a green flag to ITB 0.7. Validation by ATLAS, DOSAR, Engage, LIGO, nanoHUB, and STAR is in progress. CMS, !CompBioGrid, Dzero, and iVDGL have given an indication to participate. More VOs are still welcome. 

   * ATLAS and DOSAR have completed validation on one representative site of each, UC_ITB and OUHEP_ITB, and are satisfied with results. We are expecting that CMS may also validate on UCSDT2-ITB1. !CompBioGrid effort was slowed down due to a VOMS server certificate issue which has been recently resolved (thanks to Frank W. for actively pursuing the related GOC ticket).

   * An extended discussion was also part of [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MinutesOct11#VO_validation_Abhishek][Integration meeting]] later in the day. It was decided with Rob G. and Integration Group that the closing deadline is October 25. For more details on status updates, please visit the [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ITB_0_7/SiteValidationTable#VO_validation][ITB VO validation table]].

---++++ Discussion

---++++ Action

Abhishek will continue to follow up with participating VOs as well as with Sites/Integration group.

---+++ Open forum

---++++ Discussion

   * Britta: LIGO synopsis -- working on becoming familiar with EinsteinAtHome / BOINC; and working on site-specific issues.

   * Chris: Gratia meeting -- want to formalize outreach to users and sites. Probably by means of monthly agenda items at this meeting and the sites meeting run by Rob G.
      * Steve: don't use it much. Occasionally access cumulative information, but have our own accounting (but no pretty front end).

   * Chris: light attendance again -- how to engage users, get them to feel like the meeting is relevant to them?
      * Mats: Maybe go to explicitly open agenda for every week to avoid giving the impression of being exclusive?
      * Chris: Practically the meeting is open agenda every week -- we would certainly discuss issues with anyone who joined, but I take the point. It certainly seems that, at the troubleshooting meetings, the same faces are seen every week regardless of whether it is an "on" or an "off" week.

   * Chris: ongoing issues with nanoHUB?
      * Steve: everything seems to be under control with tickets, etc. Would like more truth in advertising.
      * Chris: I wanted to get a feeling from you of whether it would be technically / politically feasible to have nanoHUB users present a personal certificate to the portal which would be used to obtain the proxy for the job?
      * Chris: would be technically possible but would encounter a great deal of resistance from users; nanoHUB user community is too diverse geographically and logically to fit under the auspices of any existing CA.
      * Shreyas: mechanisms are possible and accepted as CAs (eg KCA) for automatic generation of certificates based on some level of local authentication. Also myproxy is a possibility.
      * Steve: I guess about 200 semi- to regular users of OSG via nanoHUB.
      * Lots of discussion ...
      * It looks like we can arrive at the scenario whereby the VO:
         * Represents that it has vetted application binaries by signing same; and
         * Implements a mechanism for obtaining per-user uniquely identifiable certificates based on some defensible level of identification, and uses same to obtain VOMS proxies for submission to sites. Steve requests that discussion take place at a more formal (higher) level, maybe between EB or CEO level on the OSG side and the Technical Director of nanoHUB and the VOAdmin on the nanoHUB side. The aim would be to forestall removal of nanoHUB support from sites unhappy with the current level of accountability via community certificates.

---++++ Action

   * Chris: get Gratia added to agenda once per month or so.
   * Chris: investigate ways of improving user engagement in the meetings.
   * Chris: Get EB or CEO talking to nanoHUB about implementing improved accountability at the user level for nanoHUB use of OSG.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 10 Oct 2007
