%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1219701604" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+!! User Group Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/07/12

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/07/12 at 11am CDT.<br />
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]]; Wayne Betts (STAR).

<!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AnandPadmanabhan][Anand Padmanabhan]]; [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] -->

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
<!-- [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; Ewa Deelman; Karan Vahi. -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from previous meetings

   * Answers to Mats' questions: [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=870][Indico site]] updated with answers to his questions.
   * Chris received email from Preston and sent some details; asked Preston to contact RENCI.
   * Chris sent email to Juan Carlos: received reply; some more back and forth needed, and possible invite to future UG meeting. Tried to get them to sign up for the Users' Meeting.
   * Bruno Goncalves' problems solved with help from trouble-shooting team; more ports needed to be opened, including UDP. Documentation to be updated.
   * Chris updated Indico and sent out second call for Users' Meeting participation; now up to 30 registrants and 22 dinner guests as of 2007/07/13 morning.
   * More action on talks: need to pull things together finally.
   * Chris invited to give talk at site meeting on users' perspective.

---++++ Action

   * Chris still to do more research into BDII/LDAP/ReSS.
   * Abhishek still to follow up with ATLAS.
   * Chris to look into SQUID discovery and access at sites.
   * Chris to update Indico with latest talks information from storage, LIGO and STAR.
   * Chris and Abhishek to coordinate final steps for talks and increasing attendance.
   * Chris: research and write talk on information discovery.

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

---+++ STAR

<ul>
  <li>From Abhishek:
<blockquote><p>Wayne described STAR is trying to integrate their applications with 
SRMv2. Also, in recent past, STAR used Fermigrid resources for =PYTHIA=
event generation and reconstruction. This exercise went very well, 
success rate was ~98%. Jobs that failed (~2%) completed successfully 
in the second submission. They got back all staged-out data, as well 
as log files. I asked Wayne if STAR has any plans to extend their 
usage (in an opportunistic manner) to all OSG sites. He said this is 
not one of their immediate goals but he can get more details from 
Jerome Lauret and other members of STAR team. Dedicated allocation of 
CPU cycles for a specified time on Fermigrid was the main motivation 
for this previous exercise.</p>

<p>Wayne said he will be happy to sporadically join our meetings in 
future. In context to an email exchange with Jerome Lauret earlier, I 
explained to Wayne how User Group can be of assistance to STAR.</p>
</blockquote>
</li>
</ul>

---++++ Action

None.

----+++ Users' Meeting

----++++ Discussion

<ul>
  <li>From Abhishek:
<blockquote><p>Mats and I discussed that registrants list for the July 26/27 Users 
Workshop has been growing and is a very good sign. Wayne said that two 
STAR representatives are looking forward to attending and speaking at 
the workshop. Mats mentioned he will be at FNAL a few days earlier to 
meet with local colleagues, and to give a few presentations and demos.</p></blockquote>
  </li>
</ul>

----++++ Action

None.

----+++ User Survey.

----++++ Discussion

   * Discussed with Wayne and Mats.

----++++ Action

   * <strike>STAR: fill out [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/UserGroup/UserSurveySTAR][User Survey]].</strike>
   * Engage: fill out [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/UserGroup/UserSurveyENGAGE][User Survey]].

---+++ Other current issues

None.

---+++ AOB.

None.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 13 Jul 2007
