%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1180026531" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2007/05/24

%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2007/05/24 at 11am CDT.<br>
For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

[[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] <!-- [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]; [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]; [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]]; [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]]; Mats Rynge. -->

---+++ Apologies

[[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]]

TBA. <!- -[[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]]; [[Main.ShaowenWang][Shaowen Wang]]; Steve Clark. -->

---++ Agenda

---+++ Issues from last week.

   * Chris spoke to Steve Clark: main discussion on last week's minutes; resulting action item:
      * Ticket 3060 brought to the attention of the troubleshooting team: Suchandra has taken ownership.
   * Mats' problems with UCSD and LIGO: both are due to his tests setting an attribute based on a fork test when it should have been done on the WN: UCSD's was writing to =OSG_APP=; LIGO was external network connectivity -- no formal follow-up although discussions are continuing with UCSD.
   * Parag reported to the troubleshooting meeting today: subject to one open ticket (3518) regarding storage access at UNL, D0 is running smoothly and usage is ramping down now.

---+++ Action

---+++ Issues from troubleshooting

---+++ July workshop

---++++ Discussion

---++++ Action

---+++ Other current issues


---+++ AOB.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 21 May 2007
