%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1204324823" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="UserSupportMeetings"}%
---+!! User Support Coordination Meeting
---+!! 2008/02/28
%TOC%

---++ Preamble
---+++ Meeting coordinates

2008/02/28 at <strong>13:30 Chicago time</strong>.

For attendance instructions please see [[UserSupportMeetings#Coordinates][main meetings page]].

---+++ Present

   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).


---+++ Apologies

   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).

<!--
   * Karan Vahi (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.StevenClark][Steve Clark]] (nanoHUB / FNAL).
   * [[Main.EwaDeelman][Ewa Deelman]] (Pegasus).
   * [[Main.MatsRynge][Mats Rynge]] (OSG Engagement / RENCI).
   * [[Main.ShreyasCholia][Shreyas Cholia]] (NERSC).
   * [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] (FNAL).
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] (OSG User Support / FNAL).
   * [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] (OSG User Support / UCSD).
   * [[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]] (OSG User Support / LIGO / !CalTech).
   * [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]] (OSG User Support / BNL).
   * [[Main.PrestonSmith][Preston Smith]] (Purdue University).
   * [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne Heavey]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia Teckenbrock]] (OSG Documentation / FNAL).
   * Lynn Garren (ILC / FNAL).
   * Juan Carlos Díaz Vélez (!IceCube / University of Wisconsin Madison).
   * Tom Wang (GOC / Indiana U.).
   * [[mailto:ruth@fnal.gov][Ruth Pordes]] (OSG Chief Executive / FNAL).
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]] (OSG Security / FNAL).

-->

---++ Agenda

---+++ All-hands, face to face and workshop(s)

---++++ "Bio" workshop.

   * Confirmation from all parties. Suggestion to have questions ready to start discussion after presentations if it looks like things are a little slow.

---++++ "General" workshop

   * No discussion.

---++++ Face to face at BNL

   * No discussion.

---++++ All hands

   * Chris and Abhishek will be helping at the training session on Thursday.

---++++ Action

   * Chris: contact Alina to see if explicit signing up or other action is necessary.

---+++ CHARMM / MPI update

   * GOC announced installation of GLUE filter on production BDII aggregator after successful test period on ITB aggregator.

---+++ Any other business

   * Mats announced new users: molecular biophysicist at Oak Ridge and an economics professor.
   * Chris mentioned current ATLAS hiatus and problems reported by Sebastian Goasguen on throughput. Mats is aware of Sebastian's problems and they seem to be a consequence of the overhead due to the job-broking method and the short (<20min) nature of the jobs. Mats is looking into ways of improving throughput for the group.
   * Discussion of LIGO's experience with long resolution times for recent problems. Abhishek suggested reaching out to discuss ways of improving understanding of the complexities involved in LIGO's system and flexibility of OSG to deal with, "multi-jurisdictional" problems where the actual cause may not be easily discernible (middleware interactions, site configuration, workflow characteristics, etc).

---++++ Action

   * Abhishek: put together an email for LIGO.

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 28 Feb 2008