%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrittaDaudert" date="1222211997" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ VO Group Weekly Forum | September 25, 2008

   * Thursdays 1:30 PM Central Time. 
   * Phone (510) 665-5437, Meeting ID 1111. 

---+++ Attending

<!--HIDDENSTART
%RED%Please Note: Meeting minutes are not complete yet.%ENDCOLOR%



HIDDENEND-->

---+++ [[VOGroupMeeting20080918][Previous week's minutes]]

---++ 

---++ SBGrid

Taskforce in effect. Work is in progress.

---++ D0 (Joel Snow) with OSG Storage (Tanya Levshina)

---++ nanoHUB (Steve Clark) with OSG Accounting (Philippe Canal)

   * [[NanohubNotes][Aug 21 discussion]] 
   * Goals: 
      * Understand possibility of different conventions, and thus variations in job accounting; nanoHUB vis-a-vis Gratia. 
      * Try to diagnose causes of low job success rates. 
      * Suggest, and move forward, measures to improve job success rates, i.e., nanoHUB efficiency. Encourage nanoHUB to increase utilization of OSG Facility. 
      * Solicit nanoHUB's citing OSG usage in publications and in scientific result 
   * %BLACK%Accounting Discrepencies:%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%Are "grid jobs" and batch jobs both being reported by nanoHUB? <br />%ENDCOLOR% 
         * %BLACK%Preston to send Philippe list of condor jobs and/or look at condor_history by next week.<br />%ENDCOLOR% 
      * %BLACK%New possible problem: Jobs not appearing on days Preston thinks they're running; Philippe would like to track a job from start to finish.%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Step Two: look at job success rates: after accounting issues resolved%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK% *Status:* differences in accounting schemes have been resolved (wallclock duration used by GridMonitorJob is reported by Gratia but not nanoHUB). nanoHUB will apply suitable changes to query. They are ready to move to step 2: looking at job success rates. Gratia's newest release will separate GridMonitorJob into a new category so they won't be included in default reports.%ENDCOLOR% 

---++ VO Security and Policy (Doug Olson)

OSG Security wants to establish connection w/ VO group and promote regular channels of info and feedback. Doug will try to attend weekly. He'd like a biweekly security item on agenda.

From last Users Meeting, there were questions about VO policies, what types of policies should VOs have, what are their obligations & liabilities?

Larger, established VOs already have bylaws and membership policies. Would these VOs please send Doug (dlolson at lbl dot gov) location of membership policies?<br />D0: Joel will check w/ Qizhong <br />CDF: Dennis<br />nanoHUB: Steve<br />CMS: Burt H.

---+++ Inactive VOs

   * Geant4: Abhishek will email ET to determine best course of action 
   * GRASE: Abhishek will email Russ Miller (GRASE has morphed into NYSGrid) 
   * For others: Britta & Abhishek will look at list together offline 

---++ Usage by OSG VO, OSG-Edu VO (Mike Wilde, Charles Bacon, Zhengxiong Hou)

---++ VO Online Message Board

   * %BLACK%Available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VOGroup/Forum/%ENDCOLOR% 
   * %BLACK%Marcia will work on as time permits.%ENDCOLOR% 

---++ Pending Action Items

*Wikipedia page for Open Science Grid:* <a target="_blank" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science_grid</a>
   * Needs updating 
   * Abhishek will look at. 

---++ Any Other Business

-- Main.BrittaDaudert - 23 Sep 2008
