%META:TOPICINFO{author="AbhishekSinghRana" date="1197580001" format="1.1" reprev="1.39" version="1.39"}%
<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.FkW, Main.AbhishekSinghRana
-->
<table width="100%"><tr><td valign="top"></td><td valign="top" width="40%">
---+!!OSG User Group
%TOC%
</td></br><td valign="top" halign="right"><br><br><br><i><font color="#D4A017" face="georgia, times new roman, arial" size="-1"><font size="+2">&#8220;</font>Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration.<font size="3">&#8221;</font> -- Thomas Alva Edison (1847-1931)</font></i></td></table>

---++ Mission Statement

The OSG User Group serves as liaison between scientific communities, commonly structured as Virtual Organizations (VOs), which use the OSG grid cyber-infrastructure and the OSG Executive Board, as well as the Middleware, Operations, Applications, Security, and the Sites coordination groups. 

In this capacity, the User Group aims to understand the <i>desideratum</i>, expectations and operational aspects of running VO applications on OSG resources. As need arises, the group also provides help and information to VOs and application owners, serves as an ad-hoc platform for coordinating communication across [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/VO_List][all the VOs]], and represents the users' requirements and interests to OSG. 

---++ Contact Information

   * Coordinators: [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]] and [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]] 
   * All VOs in OSG: =osg-users at opensciencegrid dot org=  | <a href="http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-users.html">Archive</a>
   * User Group coordination team: =osg-user-group at opensciencegrid dot org=  | <a href="http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-user-group.html">Archive</a>
   * Weekly meetings:
        Thursdays 12:00 noon Central, 
        Phone: *510-665-5437*, 
        Meeting ID: *6748* | [[UserSupportMeetings][Meeting Minutes]] 
 
---++ Team

[[Main.BrittaDaudert][Britta Daudert]], [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]], [[Main.MaximPotekhin][Maxim Potekhin]], [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek Singh Rana]], [[Main.TorreWenaus][Torre Wenaus]], [[Main.FkW][Frank Wuerthwein]]

---++ Activities

%ICON{more}% *General*
   * Work with VOs on current problems, especially resource utilization as needed for specific runs.
   * VOs' management of Job submission and execution, Data movement and storage, Security and Policy.

%ICON{more}% *VO Planning and Requirements towards Future Releases of OSG*
   * [[VOApplicationsRequirements][OSG 1.0 Planning: Requirements set forth by VOs]].

%ICON{more}% *Biannual VO Usage Feedback and Direct Dialog*
   * Forthcoming OSG Biannual VO Usage Feedback and Direct Dialog for Quarter 1 '08. | [[VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog][Draft]]
   * [[OSGUserSurveys][OSG User satisfaction surveys]], introduced in Quarter 3 '07.
   * Archive: [[OSGUserSurveys][Quarter 3 '07]]

%ICON{more}% *VO Validation of Sites on Integration Testbed*
   * VO application validation of ITB towards official releases of OSG, in partnership with OSG Integration Group.
   * Archive: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/SiteValidationTable#VO_validation][ITB 0.7.x %ICON{external}% OSG 0.8]] | [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/SiteValidationTableITB052][ITB 0.5.x %ICON{external}% OSG 0.6]]

%ICON{more}% *VO-centric Site Testing Package*
   * Development of an [[OsgVoSiteTests][extensible VO-centric site testing package]]. Now on general release, please see [[UserGroupNewsItems#OsgVoSiteTestsReleaseNotice][news]].

---++ Meetings

   * Meetings take place every week on Thursday at noon Central Time. Every second week has a more open agenda to enable users to bring up issues of specific interest. Please see the [[UserSupportMeetings][meetings page]] for more details. 

   * In addition, there is a face-to-face meeting organized on an annual basis. Next meeting is expected to be at BNL in mid '08.
   * Archive: [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=870][July '07 at FNAL]] | [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/DisplayMeeting?conferenceid=20][June '05 at SLAC]]

---++ Mailing Lists and News

The <u>OSG Users list</u> (=osg-users at opensciencegrid dot org=), [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-users.html][archived here]], consists of representatives of all officially registered stakeholding VOs in the OSG, and is the primary medium for circulation of important announcements and news items. This list also serves as a general VO/user discussion forum. Representatives of newly formed VOs are strongly encouraged to [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?SUBED1=osg-users&A=1][subscribe to the list]]. A very small subset of announcements is occasionally also posted on the [[UserGroupNewsItems][news page]].

The <u>OSG User Group Coordination list</u> (=osg-user-group at opensciencegrid dot org=) consists of the OSG User Group Coordinators, OSG Applications Coordinators, and the OSG Executive Director. A VO interested in communicating with the coordination team can feel free to [[mailto:OSG-USER-GROUP@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG][send an email to this list]] anytime.

---++ OSG Links and Documents

These are a few links that representatives of functional VOs may find to be of high relevance.

[[Documentation][OSG Documentation Hub]] | [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/][OSG Operations]] %RED%-%ENDCOLOR% [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/contact.pl][Submit a Ticket]] %RED%-%ENDCOLOR% [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/maintenance/][Maintenance]] | [[http://vors.grid.iu.edu/][VORS]] | [[Troubleshooting][OSG Troubleshooting]] | [[CommunitySupport][OSG Community Support]] | [[VO][VO Documentation Matrix]]

Documentation and links of internal use mainly to the coordination team may be found [[UsefulDocsAndLinks][here]].

---++!! Web Utilities
<form action='%SCRIPTURLPATH{"search"}%/%WEB%/'>
<input type="text" name="search" size="22" />&nbsp;<input type="submit" class="twikiSubmit" value="%MAKETEXT{"Search"}%" /> - [[WebSearchAdvanced][%MAKETEXT{"advanced search"}%]]
</form>

More utilities are [[WebUtilities][here]].  

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 15 Aug 2007
-- Main.AbhishekSinghRana - 09 Dec 2007

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" attachment="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" attr="h" comment="" date="1197211173" path="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" size="21265" stream="VOUsageFeedbackAndDirectDialog.png" user="Main.AbhishekSinghRana" version="1"}%
