%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1150820183" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Tim, Fred, Kyle, Marcia

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesJun13

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)  -- I suppose this will be taken care of by Xenomedia



---++ News Box
 

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - Ruth has started defining this. - List started at TWikiUpkeep - Marcia will send emails
	* New Mambo server - ???  What happened?  -  Meeting tomorrow with Merina's boss...hopefully we can get this going ASAP



---++ Other Topics

	* New TWiki server is ordered
	* New Twiki Webs for Ruth - Created OSGPlanning and OSGReports
	* Fred will email Doug about final script link placement



-- Main.KyleGross - 20 Jun 2006

