%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1117558227" format="1.0" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+Documentation Meeting May 31st

%TOC%

The Meeting of the Documentation Group will be today at 11:00 AM CDT on the phone bridge at 317-274-4174.

Attendees: Kyle, RobQ, Jorge, Mary, Fred, Doug

---++Review of Changes

OSG Grid Page... Green borders around South America and Asia

Needs links to all 4 views (World, US, Asia, and South America)

Kyle will crop map to get rid of green border

Jorge would like to see the display portion of Gridcat seperated from the backend data collection

Will the home page still be on the current site?

Ruth is editing the mail "Grid Support" page

Security and Monitoring moved to top level

Opened ended on right side for larger text

---++What to do about Gridcat Maps? (Green Border)

See above

---++Content for Documentation Section

Document server (BTeV?)

We need to make a final decision on this!

---++Contect for News, Meeting and Events, and Calendar Sections

This can be discussed during the meeting at IU on the 14th of June

---++Other Topics from Group

None

-- Main.RobQ - 31 May 2005

