%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1152625823" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
Attendees: 

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesJun27

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)  -- I suppose this will be taken care of by Xenomedia



---++ News Box

 

---++ Topics

	* Documentation Meeting Bi-Weekly? (And other things from Ruth's email)

	* Review of TwikiWebs - Ruth has started defining this. - List started at TWikiUpkeep - Marcia Sent email.  Replies?

	* New Mambo server - With Upgrade to 4.5.5 + Patch, This should be ready to go, imo.


---++ Other Topics


	* Twiki to PDF?  Waiting on code



-- Main.KyleGross - 11 Jul 2006

