%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1227280785" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
Attendees: AlanSill, KyleGross, RobQ, TimSilvers, MarciaTeckenbrock

---++ Last Meeting's Notes



---++ Trouble Tickets

   * 2281 - Webpage Request: News & Events box problems - This seems to be working now.  Closing Ticket.

---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

   * On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)  -- I suppose this will be taken care of by Xenomedia



---++ News Box


 

---++ Topics


   * Need better VO info.  Long name field?  What info goes on website?  Short Name - Long Name - Support Center - Community  -  <b>We need to gather information for this now.  Fields are ready</b>
   * Moved Development instance to Fermi.  This should provide for easier movement of databases and patches.


---++ Other Topics



Marcia and Alan talked yesterday:  

   Alan is working to transition info towards the new website.  He wants a how-to guide to really help users with getting the client going correctly.  He'll be passing other info along to marcia.


-- Main.KyleGross - 15 Aug 2006
