%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1148400090" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Tim, Rob, Kyle, Marcia, Fred, DougO, Ruth

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesMay09

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)



---++ News Box
 

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - will send out email to web owners asking for web to be looked over
	* New server - Having issues with fermi mysql server and connections via mambo



---++ Other Topics

	* Kyle to work less time on mambo and more time on TWiki.
	* Money for the TWiki machine is available.
	* Marcia and Kyle will come up with a plan of work for the coming months.
	* Xenomedia Meeting...

-- Main.KyleGross - 23 May 2006

