%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985937" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
Attendees: Torre Wenaus, Frank Wuerthwein, Fred Luehring, Kyle Gross, Marcia Teckenbrock

*Frank:*

   * Happy with DocDB, however, finding things on the Twiki and to a lesser extent, the Mambo site is difficult.  (In particular, getting to the Twiki is hard, unless one knows to click on the right orange link).

   * Speed is also an issue, especially on mambo site, however, the mambo site will move to a faster machine very soon.

   * Weakest parts of site are the Grid Support/Using OSG sections.  Decent information is lacking.

   * Frank stated previously that he would work on some of the documentation, and reiterated that today.


*Torre:*

   * Would like to see the menus on the left expanded so one does not have to click to see them.  He would also like a search function.  Fred will address the latter issue with Ruth.  There is a search function enabled on the mambo development site.

   * Lack of information on some of the "PR" pages, ie., the science application pointers, the list of VOs (which currently points to a table that is dull to view).

   * It would be nice if VOs could set up their own areas on the Twiki.  Frank echos this sentiment, and states that LIGO requested a redirect from opensciencegrid.org to their info on their server.

   * Can we have nicer URLs than the mambo ones?  Kyle says there is a plugin to make this happen, but he was not successful getting it to work on the Fermi server.  He will try again.

   * There are links to GridCat -- what is the status?  Frank:  GridCat seems to be transitioning to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS, however, whatever succeeds GridCAT, it will take some time...

   * Monitoring Page:  The list of monitoring tools does not specify which tool is used for what.

   * We link to the DOE Grids instructions for getting a certificate, which are very painful.  Doug Olson has a script that runs on Linux that makes it very easy. Fred will email Doug to see if this script could be supported.

   * There is a note that DocDB will be moving toward certificate-only authentication  This is not advised.

   * Is there a Savannah-type ticketing system?  Fred:  there are some security issues, therefore, a conscious decision was made not to do this.  There is a ticket summary on the Twiki for the Operations Activity.

(Torre also sent an email with comments regarding the websites.)


There was agreement by Frank and Torre that using the Twiki to write user documentation and to keep it there would be preferable to moving it to mambo, due to the lack of conversion tools. Kyle:  Twiki in a production state would require a separate Twiki instance, and there is not room on the current machine.  There is no money in the budget to buy a new one.

Fred:  It would be helpful if Frank & Torre would ask the EB to consider having an EB member attend the Docs meeting occasionally; (not every week, but reguarly).  The Docs group frequently needs decisions made or guidance in "herding cats."


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 21 Apr 2006

