%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466109830" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, September 29, 2005.

   * Last meeting, MinutesSep22
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

Focus of the meeting is to assess progress towards ITB 0.3.0, and follow-up
on activities in progress discussed last week.

---++ Attending

Marty, Rob, Marco, John, Alan, Greg, Chris, Ransom, Amind, Kent, Chris B, Terrance,
Xin, Karthik, Horst, Alain, Andrew, John W, Steve T, Bockjoo, Burt


---++ For reference, next ITB Release 0.3.0  (towards OSG 0.4)

Current release description:

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ItbRel030

See also OSG 0.4 deployment document v100 from the Deployment.


---++ GridCat

John R: would like to change the gridcat instance name and possibly the port number 
used 3307 to 3306 (for the database access).  Spoke with Bockjoo - can do this over
a couple.

---++ VDT

Alain: will release in about a week.  Now ready for testing.

---++ Core Services: GIP 

Armind - package has been released, given to Leigh, its in the ITB 0.3.0 cache. 
Also in the VDT 1.3.7 package.  Dynamic scripts which collects information about
Condor and puts it into the GIP.

Leigh has tested the scripts.  More testing needs to happen from the package
install, and from VDT. Alain thinks there's no problem if the ITB installs
its GIP package.

Ransom - there's a GIP validation tool from LCG - used at Iowa. Has written
some tests,will document on twiki.

---++ MonALISA updates in ITB

No comments came through on the new server.  John R will contact Iosif.

---++ SRM client in OSG update

No news.

---++ Service Validation Issues

See notes from last time.  Need a new twiki page to document this.

---++ CE storage specification

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/LocalStorageRequirements

Marco: had feedback from Timur and Burt.  Question about whether we need
to have policies for storage.  Need another phone meeting to finalize the
requirements with Burt, Marco, Timur, Terrance.  Need a synthesis and
concrete before finalizing.

   * Next wednesday, 2pm Central, Marco will setup and send out mail.

---++ Core Services: GT4

Alan - there was a meeting last week. Problem is not being connected with
what Alain and Nate are doing.  Plan was to install pre-release VDT and
install GT4 on top of this from source.  There were some platform
dependency problems experienced at TTU (will send email to Alain, for
the VDT version).  Alan has questions about why one would install on
top of VDT.  Got as far as successfully running a simple globus run,
before finding problems with his batch system. 

Chris - in the middle of building GT4 on a RHEL3 machine. 

Alain - if anyone wants to, they can build GT4 from VDT 1.3.7.

Need to reevaluate next steps with Leigh, Stuart, and the rest of the 
team testing GT4.

---++ Core Services: MIS-CI

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/MisCi/WebHome

No news.

---++ Core Services: Accounting

Just keeping it on the agenda, we said they would engage in few weeks.

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/WebHome
   * Work is proceeding. Readiness plan - expected beginning of October.

---++ Core Service: Auditing

   * Not expected for OSG 0.4.

Gabriele - just starting some pieces to see what can be done.

---++ Other release issues

   * Documentation: how do we proceed?  Discuss with OSG-docs.  (Still need to do that.)

   * Interfaces?  Note GIP client interface examples to be provided by Ransom.

   * Common services that are Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo scoped. Short discussion about coming ATLAS requirements for edge services. Terrance
notes that it would be good to get integrators targeting use of edge services working together.
   

---++ Other Trash/Integration Activities

Trash/Integration work that may be Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo specific against other resources in the ITB.


---++ AOB

   * No ITB meeting October 6. 
   * Need to re-examine the ITB Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo structure: which Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's will participate in the ITB. Has the vo package for ITB been updated.
   * Bockjoo - has some questions about the environment on the worker node, for example, are the certificate files available?  Should OSG provide this?  So the worker nodes export this directory.



%STOPINCLUDE%