%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285092" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Trash/Integration meeting, October 19, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesOct12
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * David Meyers, David Cafaro, Rob Q, Rob G, Horst, Karthik, Forrest Christian, Doug, Alain, Michael, Steve Timm, Kyle, Burt, John, Eric, Anand

---++ Agenda
   * Documentation guidelines
   * ITB 0.5.1
   * AOB

---++  Documentation guidelines
   * See minutes from sub-committee, MinutesDocSubCommitteeOct16
   * See best practices DocumentationTable050
   * Question about "0.5.n" nomenclature.  This will be one set, with changes for minor releases included inline.
   * John outlined motivation, use of INCLUDE directives.
      * Easier to maintain large documents
      * Reduce redundant, stale information.
      * Can include a reference ("where used") table at the bottom.
   * This may become important during provisioning phase, where these integration documents go into the release documentation.
   * Forrest outlined forking options for going forward with _subwebs_.
      * There will be some initial setup involved.
      * Directories are copied directly on the file system, using the release number (=./pub= and =./data=).
      * Question is can the menu bar on the lefthand side be 'collapsed'.  There are "skins" that can do this.
   * Rob, Kyle and Forrest will work on a test topic within integration, will report back.

---++ ITB 0.5.1
   * Several sites have successfully installed the release. 
     * Sites: Steve's and John's sites at FNAL; OU, IUPUI, LIGO-CIT-ITB, Iowa
      * Coming soon: Burt, UC
   * edg-gridmap file issue: is crontab file being filled correctly?  (What was the answer given to the question - was this pre-answered.) __(Horst:) This is pre-answered as no, just like CEMon is.__
   * Rob Q reports GUMS memory leak likely resolved.
   * GIP's using lots of CPU. 20 sec interval to short.  
      * Where is it being called from?  Either top level BDII or local GRIS
   * Eric (Iowa): anyone else running PBS?  Alan will install full ITB 0.5.1 at TTU. 
   * CEMon?  By default its turned off.  We need instructions to turn it on.  There is a stub in the doc guide, but it is out of date.  Steve will follow-up with this.
   * Steve's issues:
      * Bug in the cert script package, noted in earlier releases.
      * CRL cron jobs errors - Alain will look into this.
      * configure osg script doesn't give correct options for GIP configuration.  Steve, Marco, and Iowa, Rob Q.
      * OSG CE authorization needs to come before the configure of the GIP.  Needs documentation editing.
      * Need to put into the documentation some guidance about filling =OSG_WN_TMP= - 'unavailable' is the default, not useful.  At cms Tier1, done by a job wrapper that sets the environment to point to the dynamic job directory.  Not generally useful since its available only for the job itself.

---++ AOB
   * None 
 

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 18 Oct 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%