%META:TOPICINFO{author="DaneSkow" date="1115753408" format="1.0" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++ Attending
Leigh, Kent, Rob, Alain, Murali, Ed, Ruth,
Jorge, Horst, Naveen, Gabriele, Doug, Greg, Bockjoo, Craig, Lisa, John, Greg,
Michael, Alan S (plus those I missed...)

---++Previous Notes

	* Home web for meeting minutes is MeetingMinutes  
	* Last week's meeting notes are at MinutesMarch10
	* Action items from last week, MinutesMarch10#Summary_of_action_items

---++ VDT 

Alain reported that VDT 1.3.3 all but released, everything ready to go. Waiting for release of 
Condor 6.7.6, which he expects today or tomorrow. 

	* _There was a question from Ruth on how we should provide input to this decision.  Alain is flexible and will release without it if need bed.  In the end, we decided to include it._

	* Gabriele reports VOMS 1.4.0 is functional, but we still don't have interoperability with the LCG VOMS sever at CERN.  Default certificates without extended proxy created on the client cannot run on a Grid3 gatekeeper using voms proxy init.  

	* GUMS is there but not installed by default.  

	* SRM-DRM 1.2.6a, the latest disk resource manager, is included.  The installation is different than before, as it uses the deamon account for the service.  Jorge would like it to run under a separate account, but will update his instructions for the current release.

	* The gridftp server from gt3.94 is included, and can be optionally installed. 

	* Nest is include, though not installed by default.

	* Stork is included, though not by default.

	* Jorge suggests a removing Condor from vdt-gatekeeper, which would remove some of the confusion when installing gatekeepers. 

	* More generally, there is the question from Alan about providing instructions for hooking up batch systems to OSG?  We need to document this better.

	* When to release?  Alain will release by tomorrow morning no matter what.

---++ SRM-DRM 

Jorge reported that work is progressing well. There was a long meeting yesterday with site admins and developers of the srm-drm software.  Simple file transfers successful between sites.  A problem with gsi on the Florida site is being investigated. Jorge is capturing the instructions. The package comes with a selftest that works out of the box.  Jorge will update the post install Validation section on the twiki. 

---++Pacman

Leigh discussed an issue with ==pacman -remove== wich removes the ==setup.sh== of the top level package while installing a group of packages.  The reason from Saul is that since one of the packages has been removed, you should no longer trust the installation, and this is indicated by removal of the setup script.  The question is, if the package is replaced (with an update), will the setup script be rebuilt properly?  Alain thinks it will.  At any rate, we shoud put a warning into the installation instructions.

---++VO Registration Issues

Leigh discussed VO registration needed to create the VO OSG packages.  This information is outlined a to-do list here: VOtoDo. 
The discussion here was about 'hard-coding' of VO's, which we don't want to do in OSG but are now due to limitations of our technology.
We will receive guidance from the OSG-deployment group about which VOs to include in the ITB 0.1.4 release.

---++Grid Cat

Bockjoo gave a lengthy update on GridCat.  

	* He is planning an upgrade which will use core infrastructure, so this will be ideal after the deployment of ITB 0.1.4.  

	* Will add a storage service display, based on glue schema. GridCat should be able to display these.

	* Will add VDT software version to the display. 

	* Will provide admin tools for site admins. 

---++ SRM-dCache

Ruth notes that the SRM-dCache readiness plan available, provided by the CMS Tier1 facility.  It has been added to the ItbRel014 release plan. The service will be available to all registered OSG VOs.  See  CMSSrmdCache for more information.  Comment and feedback are requested.

---++ Core-MIS

CoreMIS has been updated by Mark recently.  Please review and provide feedback.


---++ Testing

	* Alan has volunteered to test the GUMS installation. 

	* Neha has been volunteered to also test GUMS.
 
	* Neha has a server (SDSS) where she is testing VDT, and has installed and partially configured the discovery service.

---++ Review of last weeks action items

We went through MinutesMarch10#Summary_of_action_items. Carryover:

	* OSGCEInstallGuide needs to be updated (Rob)
	* John to update release description for Monalisa on twiki, ItbRel014#Monalisa and provide links/pointers to VO modules source on the MonALISA twiki web MonALISA. Will provide a version tag in CVS for VO modules. Will describe more details for auto-update options for site admins, with explicit instructions on disabling updates.


---++ ITB 0.1.4 Release Review

During the meeting we touched on several Review current release description (please update ItbRel014 and webs therein if appropriate).


---++From Ruth's mail, review of readiness plans


Here are the list of Readiness Plans for review:

	* VDT 1.3.3  http://www.cs.wisc.edu/vdt/releases/1.3.3/release.html 
	* Pacman3	P3 for OSG  http://atlas.bu.edu/caches/youssef/osg-comments/comments.html
	* GUMS	http://www.ivdgl.org/osg-int/GUMS%20integration%20readiness%20plan.txt
	* Privilege  http://zuni.cs.vt.edu/privilege/documentation/transition-to-privilege.html
	* SRM/DRM (OSG-DRM) <http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0501b&L=osg-int&F=&S=&P=970>
	* GridCat  http://www.ivdgl.org/gridcat/gridcat_readiness_plan.txt
	* Core MIS http://www.ivdgl.org/osg-int/Monitoring%20and%20Information%20Services%20-%20CoreDiscovery  http://ultralight.caltech.edu/gaeweb/wiki/index.php/ClarensDiscoveryService

We will also review the Validation Page for comment:  

	http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ValidationPage

	
---++ ITB 0.1.4 Schedule

With the imminet release of VDT 1.3.3, we should soon begin the deployment of ITB 0.1.4.

	* Expect VDT 1.3.3 tomorrow, 3/18
	* Begin testing on the weekend, 3/19-3/20
	* Update documentation where possible, 3/19-3/21
	* Early next week, commence deployment, 3/21
	* Revise, improve documentation, 3/21-3/25
	* Validation exercises, 3/24


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 17 Mar 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

