%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010186" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, August 4, 2005. 

   * Last meeting, MinutesJuly7
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes


---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending

Alan, Rob, Kent, Saul, Greg, Marco, RobQ, Burt, Michael, Ransom, Shoawen, Bockjoo, Steve.


---++Misc

   * We discussed briefly the numbering policy. Defer discussion.

---++ $APP, $DATA, $TMP, .. and all that
   * Two separate email threads on how $APP is used, how & where its visible.
   * Terrance and Burt hammered out some requirements in the deployment document. Was sent to osg-int, osg-deployment lists.
   * Minimal requirements need to be spelled out for site admins. 
   * Terrance's proposal to add rules for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's to $APP usage was viewed favorably.
   * Does everything need to be Posix-compliant?  (Storage systems excluded)
   * <a href="LocalStorageRequirements">Burt has Twiki-ized the proposal.</a>  People can feel free to comment and mark up.
   * Also, at the some point these locations

---++ Status of two VOs in the ITB
   * Fermilab VO: Steve Timm and Dan Yocum
     * This is Fermigrid; VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS 
   * MIS VO
     * This is for the CI infrastructure - main customers are GridCat and ACDC. 
   * LIGO
     * LIGO VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS has been up for a month - we should start using it.
   * An email should be sent out describing how to to include these VOs. 
   * We need the authoritive list of VOs that are being supported.
   * Need to wait for Leigh to return.
   * Alan suggests adding a way of updating a component in the software cache in between releases.  Have a daily cron script update automatically, only for particular scripts.  Can this be handled in Pacman?  Saul thinks so.  Separate out a pacman cache that is more volatile, and updated regularly?


---++ Following up on previously discussed issues

   * GT4 readiness
      * See the WSGramServiceReadinessPlan off the GlobusOSG page. VDT schedule?

   * Policy information
      * New activity forming for Policy.
      * Need to follow up on the short term publication proposal.

   * Addition of SRM client tools (srm-cp)
      * Neha was working with Leigh.  

   * Update to the default GIP configuration (Ransom, Shoawen)
      * There is a script now to do the configuration automatically. 
      * Will be tested by the MIS folks, also working with Alain to see if its going into VDT
      * L. Field said the publication method has changed, need to adapt.
      * Plan to put this into the next ITB release.



%STOPINCLUDE%