%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486495038" format="1.1" version="1.10"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Trash/Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Attending

Leigh, Ruth, Rob, Mark, Marco, Greg, Alain, Kent, Neha, Michael Thomas, Dane, Suresh, Murali, Jeff, Gabriele, Xin, John Wiegand, Alan, Craig, Bockjoo, Greg
 
---++Prior Meetings 

   * Home web for meeting minutes is MeetingMinutes  
   * Last week's meeting notes are at MinutesMarch31
   
---++Status of Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS/prima and resulting schedule decisions

Current status is that the Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS release corrected a bug in the proxy cert format. also in prima. proposal to continue with existing new voms.  For release candidate won't support use of prima, uniless fixed in next ver, and then available in vdt.  With current release, prima would work but wouldn't recognize roles,
but could be used to handle the centralized gridmapfile.  Decision: we would deploy without prima (it is understood this would formally come from OSG-Deployment).  Ask Alan to release VDT 1.3.4 (with latest GUMS), and not wait for developments on PRIMA and VDT 1.3.5.

*Note* need to support heterogeneity of ITB releases, need to capture this information in either release notes and in GridCat. Mark thinks this can go into the site catalog easily.  Can this be discussed in the MIS group (yes).  You can still use GUMS to generate the reverse grid map with account pools.

---++GT4 Grid FTP

   * Readiness and integration plan to be developed, GridFTP.

Comments from Alain about actual version, how its installed, and port used. Statically compiled executable and configuration file.  Note - Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo modules would likely be modified since the logfiles have likely changed.
Could become a replacement for the current gridftp.


---++SRM Client Tools - submitted by Ruth

   * Readiness plan available for review at http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/SRMClientTools

Heads up for an optional module in the OSG cache.  Issues: how does the support work?  Does give additional  capabilities over the osg-drm tools.  Toolkit exists in Timur's home directory at FNAL.  Comments from Leigh expected via email on OSG packaging.  Timeframe is May 1. 


---++ Site Reports

Status of installation of ITB release 0.1.4, ItbRel014.

   *  Florida - Craig
      * question about monalisa starting from inetd.  This was a typo - should be "automated".  
      * edg makegridmapfil still running?
      * condor installation - if IP is incorrectly.
      * where monalisa asks for ganglia port, could be more explicit.
      * *will update twiki in appropriate places*
   *  Caltech
      * Core MIS updated, running fine.
      * JClarens not working in Rocks 3.3.  Nate is running some tests, waiting for new computer to add to nightly tests.
      * Monalisa - copied previous configuration which worked.
      * Not installed GUMS.
      * Next Rocks will be based on 2.6 kernal.  Still waiting on new machine for nightly tests for SL.
      * VDT Aside: Pacman on top of Rocks will work is a primary goal; secondary is to make a Rocks-VDT roll.
   *  IU 
      * Installed 4 different systems.
      * GUMS service setup for these systems.  Using PRIMA module to a GUMS service, to avoid each having to run its own service.
      * All problems had VDT tickets opened, and solved.
      * JClarens - installed from VDT 1.3.4, runs as root (Tom Cat process).  Large logfiles (smaller in VDT 1.3.4).  Lots of CPU time, not sure what it is doing.  Also logs files into VDT_LOCATION.  Note: the USCMS MCPS application uses this service. Q: when will this be ready for testing on the ITB?  (~ couple of weeks.)   Progress on getting SRM's advertised (work started at least).  Will also publish info on MIS-CI there. 
      * Need information from USCMS Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS service.  Will follow release of ITB.
   *  Texas Tech
      * Assigned student to deploy ITB 0.1.4, will wait the next.
      * CDF interested in participating in ITB activity, perhaps meet next week at Fermilab.
      * Tools have been under development for job submission tools for LCG; applicable for OSG?  Some features don't map to OSG.  Request: find some time at next week's workshop discuss further.
   *  FSU
      * Installed itb 0.1.4, with private Condor.
      * Still some problems with host certificate has not propagated among all Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers.
      * *Q: will we use Global ACLs for Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers? (to avoid having to update Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers with all known host certificates)*.  No consensus.
      * Alan will update VoAdmins.  *Note* there is a programmatic issue in that the old edg makegridmap does not work with the new Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS. See also MinutesMarch31.
      * World readable gridmapfiles are not generally required, it seems.  It is more of a convenience factor.
   *  Buffalo
      * Mama is updated to 0.1.4 no known problems.  Will install discovery service. 
      * ACDC instance will be provided by tomorrow.
   * Others
      * Installing Binghamton - will be up in the next day or so. 
   * Dane's site
      * Athlon64 platform.  Will turn it off to work on provisioning.
   * UC Teraport - Globus hostname not being resolved currently, working issue with Bockjoo.  Note: OS in use is SLES8. /etc/sysconfig/network is where Rocks/RH gets this.  Might be a suse thing.

   * LIGO CIT 
      * Deployed ITB 0.1.4.  Still working on some config issues.  Looking for new sys admin.

---++ Next ITB release, 0.1.5
 
   * Next release being specified, ItbRel015.  This will be the target release for next week's workshop.
   * Question about removing vestiges of GRID3 labels and file names. What are the implications for switching over? Perhaps should do this, except for the Grid3 schema and information providers. 
      * SiteVerify changes
      * ACDC changes, Trash.Trash/Trash/IntegrationCoreMIS
      * Trash.ReleaseDocumentationMonALISA Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo modules
      * GUMS
      * GridCat
      * *CAN EACH SERVICE PROVIDER ESIMATE THE IMPACT AND PROVIDE A RECOMMENDATION BEFORE NEXT WEEK'S MEETING?*


---++ Workshop for OSG release candidate

Initial planning for next week's release candidate preparation meeting, RelCanItb015.
   


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 07 Apr 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%