%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985990" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, September 8, 2005. 

   * Last meeting, MinutesAugust25
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes


---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending

Leigh, Rob, Alan, Horst, Alain, Kent, Rob Q, Gabriele, Chris Baumbauer, Shoawen, Ransom, Armin, Marco, Greg, Andrew, Marty, Ruth, Dane, Michael

---++ News from other meetings

   * [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/events/meetings/buffalo0828/index.html][Buffalo blueprint meeting]].
      * Dane's summary: for the near term, for monitoring and catalogs two main thrusts - continue to move on the GIP deploy and config, and hooking this to MDS.  Other is to press forward on using/learning about Clarens for dynamic registration for different services, for example storage and CEs.  Accounting - steps forward on Philip and Matteo moving ahead on their document designs (deliverable target is two or three months out).  Also GRAM4, and MDS4 which has undergone significant improvements and hardening.  Alain points out there are significant differences between the two regarding interoperability (ldap vs web services).  Note - BDII (an open ldap service) can be used as an insulation layer.  Would there be a migration plan, and LCG plans for the longer term. 
      * Will be an update of JClarens - there is an update in 1.3.7, then changes as result of blueprint meeting.
      * Timeframe for VDT 1.3.7?  Alain - need new version of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS and a few other minor changes, enviroment things, so likely 2 weeks away. cf VDT page for 1.3.7, http://www.cs.wisc.edu/vdt/releases/1.3.7/index.html.  GT4 - installs everything but does not startup a container.  Includes ws_gram, mds, and rft. 
   * Edge services workshop at ANL
 

---++ Next ITB release candidate (discussion)
Leigh - start to install a development cache.  Working on OSG GIP package that needs to be worked out with Alain.  Updates for support of GridCat. Policy URL now in place - there is an activity that has formed, see Main.PolicyPublicationTrust

   * ITB 0.3.0 release content development
      * VDT 1.3.7 release and release description
      * OSG GIP (service readiness plan)
      * SRM Client tools (1.19)
      * Policy URL publication to GridCat and GIP
      * MIS-CI update to latest version (1.2.7-1)

SRM client issues being worked on by Neha (tcp port range, certficate).  Available as a pacman package in the itb cache.  Not working at the moment.

   * Process for describing content for 0.4 not yet fixed.  Schedule expected soon. Deployment document will be written for this, expect this to solidy in the next couple of weeks. 

---++ Accounting status

Covered above.

---++ From the last meeting

---+++ Common worker node environment  

Alain - wants to make mods to perl job managers for gt2 to look at passing local "$" variables to the job.    Should be a quick job.


---+++ Requirements for $DATA and data workflow for applications 

Need to specify requirements for these ($DATA, $APP, $TMP).  Marco and Terrence were going to work on a document. Marco reports that others needed to be involved (Marco will provide an update).  Ruth reports that there was a discussion at Fermilab coordinated by Burt, will be discussed at storge workshop next week.  Needs to be sorted out and specified before OSG 0.4.0. Need specific instructions so site managers can implement and meet requirements.  Ruth - part of the 0.4 deliverable is to define the space management requirement and interface, and potentially provide a set of default tools.
This should be overseen by the OSG storage group, would expand CE definition as part of the deployment specification.
   * Action - request from TG storage chairs to oversee formation and execution of this activity, which effectively contributes a chapter to the deployment specification document.

---+++ Software updates
   * Alan suggests adding a way of updating a component in the software cache in between releases.
   * Alain - points out that this is like who certificates are handled in the VDT.
   * For VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS - the vo package can be updated independently of the ITB release, manually.  When updates occur, it is handled operationally (GOC notifies sites). Not practical to auto-update.
   * Support centers are notified of the new packages, who are in turn responsible for notifiying the resource providers.  For others, the announcement will go to osg-general.  In long term, hope to put into the discovery service.


---+++ GT4 Readiness
   * See the WSGramServiceReadinessPlan off the GlobusOSG page. See VDT schedule/discussion above.

---++ Other topics from the group

   * Timescale for ITB 0.3.0. is of order two weeks, pending VDT release and SRM client packages.


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 08 Sep 2005
-- Main.LeighGrund - 08 Sep 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%