%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010187" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, January 19, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesJan12
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

   * Marco, Greg, Rob, John W, Kent, Doug, David@ligo, Chris@Purdue, Eric@lbl, Horst, Shoawen+Anand+Ransom@Iowa, Burt, Leigh, Michael, Wayne@BNL/STAR, Neha

---++ Agenda

   * Follow-up on GUMS 1.1.0
   * Follow-up on Monalisa I/O accounting problem
   * Follow-up on automated CE installs (Iowa and Fermi)
   * GridEx
   * Provisioning
   * AOB
     

---++ Follow-up on GUMS 1.1.0 

More experiences with the memory leak.

   * Chris - have been running GUMS 1.1.0 for the past few months, "slight hacked", no major problems.  They do see a memory leak.  They have been re-starting every two weeks or so. 
   * Leigh - has been doing testing with 1.1.0.  Seems to be connections are left open when connections to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS were unsucessful.  Notes that when there is an error in the config file where the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS cannot be found, she she's growth.  Verified by new parameters in the file - 'hibernate' options.  
   * Leigh - with 1.0.1 patched version, with no connection problems stays relative stable.
   * Can we get a fix out quickly?  - Discuss with John Hover..need a report from him.
   * John - Dan has spoken with John, thinks he has found the problem - confirms Leigh's findings.
   * Work-around or fix?


---++ Follow-up on Monalisa I/O accounting problem

   * Accounting [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ItbRel034#For_CE_Installations][cf here]]
   * Patch has been applied - fixed in 0.3.4, provisioned in 0.4.0.
   * Anyone who has installed prior to the date in known problems must download the package.


---++ Follow-up on automated CE installs (Iowa and Fermi)

   * John has been working with Eric in the past two days - sent tarfile.  Eric has started incorporating John's scripts.
   * Eric has things working on a clean box. 
   * Future - intially installed for nightly installs.  Will work on a common design for automation of the configuration process for any user.
   * Ask that this project gets setup in a twiki - referenced from ValidationPage.

---++ GridEx

   * If you install 0.4.0 you will get the GridEx VO.
   * Greg - is there anyway to get the XML fragment to paste into a GUMS config.
   * To put into the =pacman -get OSG:vo-0.4.0=


---++ Provisioning

---+++ Urgent fixes necessary

   * There is a late-breaking bug fix (see AOB) - should go in a fix.
   * There is a problem in the 0.4.0 cache - pulling the old package.  Needs to be corrected, will go in as an update.


---++ AOB

   * Leigh: =configure-osg.sh= creates a osg-attributes.conf file, which can't be sourced.  Marco will compare the previous version.  Should this file be source-able?  Marco and John think yes.   Marco: There was a problem with double-quotes, they decided to keep them.  Leigh - thinks there's a problem with the space.  The file is parsed and sourced by at least three routines.  
   * =configure-misci= issue: documentation was not consistent - introduced in the provisioning twiki.  Was the correct version used in ITB 0.3.4. Yes, but not for the provisioned 0.4.0.




*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 19 Jan 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%