%META:TOPICINFO{author="KentBlackburn" date="1268942579" format="1.1" reprev="1.20" version="1.20"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++ *OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting*

---++ Logistics
   * *OSG Council Dinner*
      * Date: Wednesday March 10th, 2010
      * Time: 6:30PM
      * Location: [[http://www.cafebuonaros.com/][Cafe Buonaros]] (Italian)
      * Directions: 25 minutes from Fermilab in Naperville about 200 yards east of where  Washington Street goes under the railroad tracks; [[http://maps.google.com/maps?f=d&source=s_d&saddr=Outer+Ring+Rd,+Warrenville,+IL+60555+(Fermilab+LINAC)&daddr=41.82506,-88.184853+to:Co+Rd+19%2FN+Washington+St+to:cafe+buonaros,+naperville,+il&geocode=FZNjfgIdVDi9-iHDANnUMp32BA%3B%3BFazJfQIdNA2_-g%3BFZyGfQIdpQu_-iFKNLj76ilfrSkjXELns1cOiDFndZVZDcMMpA&hl=en&mra=dpe&mrcr=0&mrsp=1&sz=12&via=1,2&sll=41.813035,-88.205452&sspn=0.122058,0.220757&ie=UTF8&t=h&z=12&dirflg=d][detailed driving directions]]
      * [[http://www.doodle.com/ptdxfphwuvtegbqf][Doodle Poll]]

   * *OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting*
      * Date: Thursday March 11th, 2010 
      * Time: 8:00AM Central Time - 4:00PM Central
      * Location: FNAL Wilson Hall, One North (1st Floor)
      * Teleconference Phone Number: 510-665-5437
      * Meeting ID: 8888

---++ Attending 

Kent Blackburn (Council co-Chair), Paul Avery (Council co-Chair), Ruth Pordes (Exec Dir), Dan Fraser (Prod Coord), Scott McCauley (Indiana), Rick Snider (CDF), Lothar Bauerdick (US CMS S&C), Doug Olson (STAR), Frank Wuerthwein (Ex-Of), Horst Severini (DOSAR), David Swanson (HCC), Miron Livny (Condor), Brad Abbott (D0), Victoria White (Fermilab), John McGee (Engage & RENCI), Abhishek Singh Rana (VO Group), Piotr Sliz (SBGrid), Michael Ernst (US ATLAS & BNL)

---++ Agenda Thursday  March 11th, 2010

---+++ Morning Session 8:00AM to Noon Central

   * 8:00AM - 8:15AM
      * *Welcome/Sign-in*
   * 8:15AM - 8:45AM
      * *Statement from David Swanson (HCC) for OSG Council Representative Seat:* [[Swanson HCC Statement][Statement]]
      * *Statement from Kent Blackburn and Paul Avery for continuation as OSG Council Co-Chairs:* [[Email Intent for Chairship][Statement]]
   * 8:45AM - 9:15AM (Closed Council Session)
      * *Consideration/Vote on HCC as new representative*
      * *Consideration/Vote on continued representation of Globus Alliance Seat*
      * *Consideration/Vote on Council Co-Chairs*
   * 9:15AM - 11:00AM (Council Reports)
      *  [[%ATTACHURL%/ChairReport0310.pptx][OSG Council Co-Chair Report]] (~20 min)
         * [[http://display.grid.iu.edu/][Open Science Grid Use Display]]
      * *Collective VO Report* (~20 min)
   * 10:00AM - 10:30AM BREAK (Willson Hall Cafeteria)
   * 10:30AM - 11:00AM (Executive Director Reports)
      * *OSG Executive Director Report* (30 min)
         * NEES
         * OSG Architecture Document
   * 11:00AM - 11:30AM (Action Item 7 Revisited)
      * *Interpretation of Deputy Executive / Executive Director Roles and Timeline*
   * 11:30AM - NOON (Richard Moore, UCSD/TG)
      * *    [[%ATTACHURL%/TeraGrid-OSG_Collaborations.pptx][Joint TeraGrid-OSG_Collaborations Activities Update]]
---+++ Lunch: Noon - 1:00PM

---+++ Afternoon Session 1:00PM to 4:00PM Central

   * 1:00PM - 2:00PM (Collaborative Reports)
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/USLHC-OSG-Council-03-2010-1.ppt][ATLAS/CMS Response to DOE/NSF program managers regarding OSG]] (20 min)
         * Lothar Bauerdick & Michael Ernst
      * *LIGO Future plans for Advanced LIGO regarding OSG* (20 min)
         * Patrick Brady
      * *Collective VO Face-to-Face Report* (20 min)
   * 2:00PM - 2:30PM (Chander Sehgal)
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Satellites_Proposal_11mar2010.pptx][OSG Interface to Satellite Proposals/Projects]]
   * 2:30PM - 3:00PM (John !McGee)
      * *NextGen OSG Engagement Program*
      * [[http://ndcampusbridging.iu-pti.org/call4papers][Campus Bridging Workshop Link]]
   * 3:00PM - 3:30PM BREAK (Wilson Hall Cafeteria)
   * 3:30PM - 4:15PM
      * *Round Table Discussion*  
   * 4:15PM - 4:30PM
      * *Summary of Action Items*
      * *Closing Remarks*
   * 4:30PM ADJOURN

---++ Minutes

---++ Action Items from Meeting:

 1. *Paul Avery*; Communicate with Ian regarding Globus Alliance position on Council.

 2. *Shaowen Wang & Doug Olson*; Develop and document a process for removing a council representative on the basis of participation. This should include an "inactive state", which also has a process for returning to "active status" based on the procedures to be developed and documented. This process should be reviewed by the council before ratification.

 3. *Ruth Pordes & Piotr Sliz*; Develop a document covering "expectations" for coming into the OSG. Collective VO representatives reported that there were lots of questions regarding how to interact with the funding agencies as a member of the OSG. One example VO was noted as SBGrid in the discussion.

 4. *Chander Sehgal*; Find out the end data for SciDAC II

<verbatim>

Regarding action item 4, I believe the end-date for Scidac-2 is "mid-2011" based on 

http://www.er.doe.gov/ASCR/News/NewsSciDAC-2.html

If a more precise date is needed, I can try to contact our program officers.

Thanks,
Chander 
 
</verbatim>

 5. *Ruth Pordes, John McGee, Vicky White, Michael Ernst, Doug Olson*; Wordsmith the "Mission Statement" presented to the Council.

 6. *Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Miron Livny, Michael Ernst, Kent Blackburn*; Work to revise the Management Plan.

 7. *Ruth Pordes, John McGee, Dan Fraser, Frank Wuerthwein*; Develop strategy for approach XD teams regarding engage, user support & advanced user support by the OSG.

---++ Documents

---+++ Governance Docs

   * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0000/000070/009/ByLaws-1.0.3e-final.pdf][OSG Council By-Laws]]
   * [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=314&version=4&filename=OSGmanagementPlan-v5-3.pdf][OSG Management Plan]]
   * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0000/000099/004/GovernanceProcedures.pdf][OSG Governance Procedures]]
   * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0003/000311/004/osg-voting-rules-v1.0.pdf][OSG Voting Rules]]

---++ Posted  Docs

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/TeraGrid-OSG_Collaborations.pptx][TeraGrid-OSG_Collaborations.pptx]]: TeraGrid-OSG_Collaborations.pptx

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Satellites_Proposal_11mar2010.pptx][OSG_Satellites_Proposal_11mar2010.pptx]]: OSG_Satellites_Proposal_11mar2010.pptx

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/ChairReport0310.pptx][ChairReport0310.pptx]]: OSG Council Chairs' Report

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/USLHC-OSG-Council-03-2010-1.ppt][USLHC-OSG-Council-03-2010-1.ppt]]: US ATLAS / US CMS Response to DOE/NSF Report

-- Main.KentBlackburn - 22 Feb 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="TeraGrid-OSG_Collaborations.pptx" attachment="TeraGrid-OSG_Collaborations.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1268336266" path="TeraGrid-OSG Collaborations.pptx" size="175907" stream="TeraGrid-OSG Collaborations.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp27988" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Satellites_Proposal_11mar2010.pptx" attachment="OSG_Satellites_Proposal_11mar2010.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1268336305" path="OSG Satellites Proposal 11mar2010.pptx" size="89354" stream="OSG Satellites Proposal 11mar2010.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp28151" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="ChairReport0310.pptx" attachment="ChairReport0310.pptx" attr="" comment="OSG Council Chairs' Report" date="1268668751" path="ChairReport0310.pptx" size="2324891" stream="ChairReport0310.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12854" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="USLHC-OSG-Council-03-2010-1.ppt" attachment="USLHC-OSG-Council-03-2010-1.ppt" attr="" comment="US ATLAS / US CMS Response to DOE/NSF Report" date="1268669141" path="USLHC-OSG-Council-03-2010-1.ppt" size="138240" stream="USLHC-OSG-Council-03-2010-1.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12902" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
