%META:TOPICINFO{author="JenniferNahn" date="1299811008" format="1.1" reprev="1.12" version="1.12"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++ *OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting*

---+++ Logistics
   * *OSG Council Dinner*
      * Date:  Thursday, March 10th, 2011
      * Time:  7:00 - 9:00 PM
      * Location:  The Harvard Faculty Club, Cambridge, MA
      * Directions: [[http://www.hfc.harvard.edu/directions.html]], Please note the shuttle departs from the Best Western at 6:45 pm.

   * *OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting*
      * Date: March 10th and 11th, 2011
      * Time: March 10th and 11th: Thursday 2-6PM, Friday 9-1PM  
      * Location:  The Best Western Hotel, 342 Longwood Avenue, Boston, MA, Room 502 (March 10th, March 11th - The Fenway Room)
      * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
      * Access Code: 3929264

---++ Attending
Brad Abbott, Paul Avery, Lothar Bauerdick, Kent Blackburn, Edward Duffy, Dan Fraser, Rob Gardner, Thomas Hacker, Jerome Lauret, Miron Livny, Scott McCauley, Richard Mount, Ruth Pordes, Chander Sehgal, Horst Severini, Piotr Sliz, Rick Snider, David Swanson, Steve Tuecke (by phone), Vicky White, Frank Wuerthwein

---+++ Agenda Thursday March 10th
---+++ Afternoon Session 2:00PM to 6:00PM Eastern

---+++ Overview:
   * The focus for this OSG Council Face-To-Face Meeting will be current status and planning

   * 2:00PM - 2:30PM Welcome / Sign-In / Announcements  & Council Co-Chairs Report (Kent/Paul)
   * 2:30PM-2:45PM Summary of AHM (Piotr)
   * 2:45PM- 3:30PM Executive Director Report (Ruth) 
      * Ref: [[https://indico.fnal.gov/getFile.py/access?sessionId=15&resId=0&materialId=1&confId=3627][AHM Plenary]]
      * Recent NSF proposal submission 
         * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0003/000314/005/OSGmanagementPlan-final.pdf][Summary of Deliverables.]]
         * Some of the Supplementary Documents: [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0010/001031/001/DataManagementPlan.pdf][Data Management Plan]], [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0010/001030/001/Operations_services.pdf][Operations Services]], [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0010/001029/001/software-supplement-v4.pdf][Software Infrastructure]], [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0003/000389/019/OSGSecurityPlanV5.pdf][Security Plan]], [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0003/000314/005/OSGmanagementPlan-final.pdf][Management Plan]],  [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0010/001028/001/OSG%20User%20Support%20Supplement%20v7x.pdf][User Support Processes]], [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0008/000850/005/OSG%20Project%20Management%20Process%20v4x.pdf][Project Management Processes]], [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0010/001032/002/osg-assess-v2.pdf][Assessment Strategies]], 
      * OSG - XD Interfaces (with John Towns)
         * Ref: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2011Mar10-11/8.OSG_and_XD.pdf][OXG and XD Supplement to OSG NSF Proposal]]
      * Status and Plans 
         * XRootd collaboration?
         * iSGTW & Communications
         * Student mentorships after the summer school
         * Science Advisory Group
   * 3:30PM-4:15PM - [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Blueprint/WebHome#Technology_Group][Technology Group]] and  [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0000/000018/012/OSG%20Blueprint%20v2.0.pdf][Blueprint]] (Miron)

---++++ Afternoon Break 4:15PM to 4:30PM Eastern
   * 4:30PM-4:45PM - Resources Manager Report (Frank, includes budget)
   * 4:45-5:15PM Update on Campus Infrastructure and Tier-3s - (Dan) 
   * 5:15-5:30PM CS Student Fellow Report (David) -  and comments - (Miron)
      * Ref: [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0008/000831/002/OSG%20CS%20Student%20Fellowship.pdf][Open Science Grid Computer Science Student Fellowship]]

   * 5:30PM-6:00PM - Futures discussion

---+++ Agenda Friday March 11th

---+++ Morning Session 8.30AM to 12:30pm Eastern

   * Breakfast will be served at 8:30 am.
   * 8:30AM - 8:45AM  Sign-In / Announcements (Kent/Paul)
   * 8:45AM - 9:15AM  Metrics/Assessment Report (!RobG)
   * 9:15AM - 10:20PM  Satellite Reports - 10 MINUTES EACH  (10*7 = 1 hr 10 mins)
      * HTPC (Dan)
      * !ExTENCI  (Paul, Jim)
      * ANI  (Frank, Miron)
      * OSG-TG Summer Student Program (Tim/Alain - remote)
      * !CorralWMS (Ewa - remote)
      * Proposed: Any Data/Anytime/Anywhere (Frank)
   * 10:20AM - 10:45AM Collective VO  representation (Kent/Paul)

---++++ Morning Break 10:45AM to 11:00AM Eastern

   * 11:00AM - 12:00PM Futures 
      * Other satellites on the horizon?
      * Planning 
   * 12:00PM - 12:30PM Review  of New Action Items and Closing Remarks (Kent / Paul)


---++++ Minutes
  * Announcements (Kent)

Annual report submitted to DOE in January.  Next report to NSF due:  annual, then final.  Next done in June.  If we get extension, then do a final report when over (3 months).

OSG Prime proposal was submitted Monday, RP will say more. 

Piotr will talk about AHM.  Request that we talk about bio session as well. Preparations for next AHM should be discussed as well.

Approval for one year extension from DOE.  Chander: news that we did get agreement on budget and disbursement schedule from Alan Stone. It’s satisfactory.  Frank will present more.

Satellite model – discuss these proposals.  Growth in usage for OSG over 4 years is very impressive. Computational time in hours is around 30 million.  For non-physics, top user is LIGO, then Engage, SBgrid, GLOW.    

Really big news is representation changes.  Tom Fralenti stepped down last August. By-laws, subcommittee to look into it.  Need to have two VO reps.  Shawen’s term ends as of this meeting, time on agenda tomorrow for this.   Question: every VO doesn’t have a rep on council. There are about a dozen. For those who don’t have a vote, two reps exist and we need them.  Kent is also stepping down as co-chair as of end of funding at Caltech.  August Face to Face would be a good time to address this.  Should we do a one-day? Where?  

Will go over action items at end of Friday.

MAIN AGENDA

Piotr summarizes AHM.  Starting early helped. A two-week registration deadline is recommended to help w/ logistics.  Overall attendance: 152 or more (maybe not counting workshop).  At least 150 every day.  About the program: success overall, some concerns about how rigorous we were about not having slides on the panel, time, etc, which meant running behind schedule.  Miron comments that this is a cultural shift.  Recommend deciding program committee already now.  Another thing was adding the Council meeting which made the whole thing 5 days.  Perhaps mix Council with conference to reduce number of days.   Comments are made that in fact there were already “too many” things going on at once.    Comment on that, that this is more the shift, to have parallel sessions.  Maybe hold ATLAS/CMS meetings separately, e.g.  Maybe limit the experiment facilities meetings to a day, with more general content.

RP comments that the Tier meetings result in better attendance at OSG, that this is all good.  Were ATLAS and CMS brought into program committee planning?  Yes.  Would be great to also have STAR parallel.  Miron: no ideal solution, want as much synergy as possible.  Maybe day 1, 2 and 3.  ATLAS and CMS perhaps second day, SBGrid could have parallel session, and STAR.  Maybe don’t need focused parallel sessions Monday. Many good planning suggestions for next year.  David will appreciate discussing lessons learned offline with Piotr.

Bio workshop – ran well. 25-30 people. Different approaches, key players from each community.  Will post talks.  Attendees (Miron, Ruth, Chander, et al) agree. It helps us to hear what others are doing.   Nice coverage of community, good collection of people.  Not real much (a little) cross-participation; OSG agenda looked pretty specialized.

Kent felt the breaks and lunches were longer than in the past (they were), which is useful.  

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REPORT

Blog – John Halamka, CIO of HMS 

AHM Plenary

All agreed it was an excellent meeting, very collaborative, well-run. Vendor presentations  were appropriate.   Were there more people than last year? About the same.  

Throughput – physics, non-LHC, non-physics.  About 250 publications.  Had an internal review of draft proposal.  Very valuable; we thank the reviewiers.  It was more than a review,  a ‘brain trust’.  Forced all to articulate to someone who is engaged, to learn more, as well as someone who was not familiar, describe who and what we are.  One thing they pointed out was what is our architecture ( slide 5).  Resource service counts growing.  Service across VO’s.  Optimum number of VO’s? We say there is none.  New entrants.  Question: did they add resources to OSG?  They will.  Have defined a structure as one VO, another VO, and management/moniroting VOs.  SLAC doesn’t define, if they can make opportunistic use…   Discussion about support.  
Action Item:  We will come up with action items!

OSG-XD Interfaces (John Towns)

Have been going thru a process of awarding XD program. Was asked to blend them. NSD will meet in May, anticipate to approve it.  Start date July 1 anticipated. Have extended TeraGrid additional 3 months to meet that and have continuity.  $21 million over 5 years, expect additional 5 years to be decided during year 3, prefer 10-year project.   OSG will be service provider in XD.  User support – an FTE funded specific to OSG and people funded.  In advance of July 1, there is a meeting Apr 5 and other activities.  Chander asks about quarterly meetings – one is on 6 April, not really beneficial for anyone here to be there.  Equivalent of all hands will be invited.  Governance structure of XD includes a service provider forum, two reps of whom will also serve on an advisory board.

Exec Director continued…

New Entrants (continued)

ALICE, Belle, DSIU, Dayabay, many tier-3s, Indiana multi-site VO (McCauley comments) lots of participants outside physics.  

Americas Partnerships – next steps.  GridUNESP Sao Paolo, Colombia Univ. de Los Andes.  Question about VO, institution, facilities groups.  Americas initiative – Collective VO rep .

Summer school – June at Wisconsin.

Reminder of organization (slide 13).  Operations – handled its 10,000th ticket.  Documentation, protection and ID management, HTPC will be presented later, and was presented over past few days.  Campus infrastructures – WI, NE, Purdue, Notre Dame, OK, Langston. Blueprint: Miron comments that Brian Bockelman really did a great job pulling this together – please read!  We also need help keeping this document alive. Provide feedback to Miron, or a mail list will be created.  

Partners, satellites, supplements. Steve Tuecke (on phone) MPS has agreed to roughly two FTEs for a year for CDIGS and other.  Supplement has gone in. Work needed?  Pulled stuff back, not come to conclusion yet.  OSG and future – sustain and extend. Budget agreed around one-year extension.  Preparatory workshops.  Report from Distributed Computing (et al) workshops.  Discussion of who attended and asked questions, and networks. 

Supplementary docs / Status and Plans

NSF proposal, Supporting Quotes, WBS, Project Description, et al.  

Comment from R. Mount about SciDAC and institutes…  Chander:  Both Alain and Rich have said the same.  Miron: Expectation is OSG will bring to the table what we’ve done – help make it a success, not convince why should be part of it.  Question is how we translate what we know to a broader landscape.  Oscar institutes – significant amount of post-award work,  discussion around institutions’ docking ports.  Better off asking, when there are questions.  Emphasis always on one comprehensive proposal that has everything in it.  NSF proposal was for full program of work.  SciDAC is a break in that model, doesn’t include application, meant to be a separation of OSG and institute.  OSG co-founded by NSF and DOE, whereas institute is a SciDAC institute.  Definition of an institute, opportunity to ….  Overlap in personnel for institute and OSG.    Vicky:  Don’t you have to understand the landscape rapidly? Coherence in the letter of intent.  Frank: I’d describe our reading that we’re the only ones can provide a vision without specifics that is still credible.   Miron:  There’s a need to provide an over-structure.  Someone will have to run these institutions for Oscar.    Discussion about software providers.  

SciDAC and new science, cart before the horse (Vicky)?  Frank: If you’re working from a perspective of support the transition to next round of machines.  Miron comment about exoscale …   Discussion.  Recognition of being part of XD is significant.  Impact on community, describing in broader terms.  


Frank - Resources Manager Report

Big picture – 5-year OSG project coming to an end, project is on sound financial footing until 3/31/2012.  SOWs for FY11 completed Fall 2010 for 12 institutions, disburse FY11 funds into two stages.  Next steps are to establish funding, and most importantly, secure funding for OSG’ period starting 4/1/2012.  Chander adds that as part of DOE budget discussions, no carryover is expected as of March 2012.  Vicky: Is there a suitable commitment that we’ll get a budget while we still have time to spend it.  Prefer to spend, and have another one-year extension.  

Update on Campus Infrastructure and Tier-3s
Dan Fraser

Easy way to utilize additional campus resources (don’t need grid credentials), even on another campus.  So these users have access to OSG.   Enabling usage – easy if already a tier-2 or tier-3.  User can install.  Question about footprint (Kent).  Vicky: how does support work?  Not trying to engage with all end users. Trying to have one champion per campus, who works with campus grid team.  Would be a good problem to have.  Rob:  Seems to be more of a Condor model?  No, they’re separate.  It is a different standard.  Milestone is to have the package delivered through VDT.  It’s community support.  Should be in the proposal, and if you don’t see it, bring that up.  This is using the term “production” in a different way – we need more terms.  Looking for campuses to participate.  This first campus is a prototype.

CS Student Fellow Report (David) - and comments - (Miron)

Derek Weitzel – fellowship.  Thesis being finalized.  Mentor plus OSG staff. Swanson, Bockelman, Fraser.   Miron comment:  Definitely a success story.  He’s continuing on for a PhD and OSG was very much a help there.  One concern (RP) is this is computer engineering, not computer science.  FW: Are other people on the horizon?  RP: inquiry from Brookhaven.  Key is a local mentor who’s clearly engaged.  

Miron:  Glidein factory people need to interact with the site.   KB: How to define opportunistic use of the factory? ML: We don’t have a mechanism for that across VOs.  OSG as an XD service. Define opportunistic as 30%.  OSG doesn’t have a say in how that’s allocated, except within the engage VO. In the engage VO, we can go and say give this guy more/less.  

VW comment that joining OSG means you control who can use your resources, but you’re expected to share.   R. Mount:  The issue is we run a very serious computer center, and we get no financial support to share those resources.   Lothar:  For CMS, benefits of OSG are big enough that it is a good balance.  Balance can be different for different sites. Discussion continues around this.  

FW suggests taking small, pragmatic steps toward monitoring or controlling the tickets.  Revisit, possibly approach collaboration management about priorities. 

Point of clarification – from what Vicky read, does this refer to VO, site… answer:  “member”.  Perhaps “member” needs clarification. 

What about someone who wants to join as ‘users only’?  There is no point.  Why join, then?

---++ Action Items

  * ACTION:   Ruth, Executive Director, will approach ATLAS  (Torres and Michael) management and request help from the council as needed.  
Also audit the policies.
Joining – check.   

  * ACTION:  VW proposes that Executive Team approach VOs and funding agencies to foster a greater understanding of the OSG to support success of the model.  Seconded, passed.

Miron:  Add clarification, perhaps quantify/define “sharing”.



  
-- Main.JenniferNahn - 11 Mar 2011
-- Main.RuthPordes - 21 Feb 2011
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/8.OSG_and_XD.pdf][8.OSG_and_XD.pdf]]: 8.OSG_and_XD.pdf

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Project_Description_15.pdf][OSG_Project_Description_15.pdf]]: OSG_Project_Description_15.pdf

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="8.OSG_and_XD.pdf" attachment="8.OSG_and_XD.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1299757799" path="8.OSG and XD.pdf" size="68095" stream="8.OSG and XD.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp34936" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Project_Description_15.pdf" attachment="OSG_Project_Description_15.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1299758953" path="OSG Project Description 15.pdf" size="97297" stream="OSG Project Description 15.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp34780" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
