%META:TOPICINFO{author="KimberlyMyles" date="1345726554" format="1.1" reprev="1.16" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++ OSG Council Face-to-Face meeting
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 8403921
   * Place: Fermilab
   * Date/Time: Wednesday August 22nd 1-6.30pm CST  Wilson Hall 1East, 
   * ..................Thursday, August 23rd 8.30am-12.00noon CST Wilson Hall 7 Xover, Racetrack, 



   * Acceptance of last months minutes from [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/July-10-2012][July Teleconference]]

   * Attending:  Remote: Brad Abbott;
   * Regrets: Paul Avery, Jim Shank, Bill Barnett; Thur am: Ken Bloom, Miron Livny, David Swanson, Rob Quick; Wed pm:  Vicky White
---+++ Announcements

[[http://www.yelp.com/biz/tusk-thai-restaurant-batavia][Tusk Thai restaurant for dinner?]]  Tusk Thai Restaurant, 102 N River St, Batavia, IL 60510, (630) 406-6995

---++ Agenda - Wednesday 22nd
   * 1:00pm --- Council chair focus: Actively moving Council strategic focus to more science domains and campus organizations
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx][Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx]]: Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx
   * 2:00pm --- NEEScomm OSG statement of collaboration and the future - Tom Hacker
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Council_meeting_NEES_Aug_22.pptx][ NEES and the OSG]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/Letter_from_NEES_to_OSG_Council_Final.pdf][Letter from NEES to OSG Council]]
   * 2:30pm --- Status of and Plans for the OSG Project; Report from the Executive Director - Lothar Bauerdick
      * Lothar is unable to attend the Council meeting. We will  discuss with a view to endorse the [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][FY13 Work plans]]

   * 3:00pm -- Break

   * 3:30pm --- Needs of and opportunities to engage the BES Facility community - Amber Boehnlein, Michael Ernst
   * 4:15pm -- Opportunities to further engage Biology Community 
      * Galaxy at University of Wisconsin - Brooklin Gore
      * Open source software discussions - Piotr Sliz

   * 5:00 pm ---  OSG Consortium and  XD and  XSEDE 
      * The SP Forum - Miron Livny
      * OSG-XSEDE joint technical proposal (!ExTENCI follow up) - Lothar Bauerdick
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_for_Council_on_22aug2012.pdf][OSG usage through XSEDE existing and planned allocations]] - Chander Sehgal
      * Campus Bridging/Champions - Dan Fraser, Rob Gardner
      * Difference between XD and XSEDE and any actions here

   * 5:30 pm Further discussion of OSG Campus activities 
      * CIC - Rob Gardner ([[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1113][description]])
      * TBA
 
   * 6:00pm    [[%ATTACHURL%/dvdt.pptx][dvdt.pptx][Dv/DT Satellite]] - Ewa Deelman

 *minutes* 

---++ Agenda - Thursday  23rd

   * 8:30am --- Results of the review of the PKI Contingency Analysis and Recovery Plans 
      * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1121][OSG Recovery Plans from PKI Failures]]
      * [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1115][OSG PKI Contingency Analysis]]
   * 9:30am -- Question time for new iSGTW editor and OSG Communications at IU
   * 9:45am --- Satellites Update
      * Dv/DT - Wed pm for Miron's schedule
      * DASPOS - Michael Ernst
      * LARK - Brian Bockelman
      * Discussion
   * 10:15am Council Members input and ideas
      * Including Education, outreach, communication, international partnerships
   * 11:15am --- How to plan for the sustainability of OSG past the next 3-5 years.

 *minutes*


---++Action Items: 

From white board on Wed:
   1 Misalignment/ gap between OSG mission & project goals <Find the one from the project- to Mirion as PI or Chander as Project Mgr.>
   1 How do we construct a body (the council) that has constructive influence on the project.
   1 Remove SAG (Science Advisory Group) - Yes, no objections. MOTION: to take roles of science advisory group and add this responsibility to the  OSG Council and thank Scientific Advisory Group for their past contribution---Yes, no objections
   1 Council discuss where we have done well or not so well on software.
   1 Stakeholder request capture
   1   Ask Executive team to get a statement regarding Globus Online (Steve Tuecke)
   1 Work with NEEs (Letter of collaboration created)- and expand community of earthquake engineering researchers who can use OpenSees and other computational simulation tools through NEEShub- (Purpose to get signature from key person at NEES-  through steering council of NEEs). Make OpenSEEs an  OSG application (need Ava, Frank McKenna) for future (not having done in the past). MOTION? Grandfather in or make a presentation as SBGrid did? (OSG funded to do this-MIron) NO OBJECTIONS to grandfathering in without presentation.
   1  Provide quarterly technical briefingre: Amber/ Michael’s (org representatives) BES Facility's activity- <Project Manager (Chander) to organize to make sure happens (Campus Bridging/Champions topic )What else should we do within OSG for those trying to do both (use XSEDE and Campus Champions)? How do they want to use it? When send work to XSEDE and when opportunistic?
   1 TOPIC for continued discussion:Have a model for success- how to deploy Galaxy in a high throughput environment -are we archiving these examples?


-- Main.RuthPordes - 10-Aug-2012




%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx" attachment="Council_Chair_Report_V2.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1345602036" path="Council Chair Report V2.pptx" size="328529" stream="Council Chair Report V2.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp46594" user="RuthPordes" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Letter_from_NEES_to_OSG_Council_Final.pdf" attachment="Letter_from_NEES_to_OSG_Council_Final.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1345639251" path="Letter from NEES to OSG Council Final.pdf" size="31478" stream="Letter from NEES to OSG Council Final.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp46997" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Council_meeting_NEES_Aug_22.pptx" attachment="OSG_Council_meeting_NEES_Aug_22.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1345658001" path="OSG Council meeting NEES Aug 22.pptx" size="432184" stream="OSG Council meeting NEES Aug 22.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp47022" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_for_Council_on_22aug2012.pdf" attachment="OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_for_Council_on_22aug2012.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG XSEDE SP Update for Council - 22aug2012" date="1345659043" path="OSG as XSEDE SP Report for Council on 22aug2012.pdf" size="112841" stream="OSG as XSEDE SP Report for Council on 22aug2012.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp32115" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="dvdt.pptx" attachment="dvdt.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1345672251" path="dvdt.pptx" size="60992" stream="dvdt.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp46749" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.pdf" attachment="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.pdf" attr="" comment="DASPOS- Introduction" date="1345726436" path="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.pdf" size="121595" stream="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp1373" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.ppt" attachment="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.ppt" attr="" comment="DASPOS- Introduction (PPT)" date="1345726467" path="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.ppt" size="644096" stream="DASPOS-Introduction-OSG-Council-0822-2012.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp1414" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
