%META:TOPICINFO{author="KentBlackburn" date="1270843993" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: Tuesday April 13th, 2009 
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending: Kent Blackburn, 

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   * Frank Wuerthwein has accepted my request to be the Resources Manager on the OSG management team for the remainder of the current round of the OSG Project

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * OSG Executive Director's Report (XD News?)
   * OSG Project Manager Report [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Satellites_Proposal_11mar2010.pptx][OSG Interface to Satellite Proposals/Projects]]
   * OSG Usage by Science Domain (Jim Weichel); see [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/MeasurementsAndMetrics/MetricScienceUsage][Metric for Non HEP Science Usage of the OSG]]

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs\

   * Doodle Poll for Assigning dates for August OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting
      * [[http://www.doodle.com/zykgavkaz4dtx7vn][URL for Doodle Poll]]

   * Update on ExTENCI: Extending Science Through Enhanced Nationa Cyberinfrastructure

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report for Pending Action Items from March Face-to-Face Council Meeting

1. *Paul Avery*; Communicate with Ian regarding Globus Alliance position on Council.

 2. *Shaowen Wang & Doug Olson*; Develop and document a process for removing a council representative on the basis of participation. This should include an "inactive state", which also has a process for returning to "active status" based on the procedures to be developed and documented. This process should be reviewed by the council before ratification.

 3. *Ruth Pordes & Piotr Sliz*; Develop a document covering "expectations" for coming into the OSG. Collective VO representatives reported that there were lots of questions regarding how to interact with the funding agencies as a member of the OSG. One example VO was noted as SBGrid in the discussion.

 4. *Chander Sehgal*; Find out the end data for SciDAC II

<verbatim>

Regarding action item 4, I believe the end-date for Scidac-2 is "mid-2011" based on 

http://www.er.doe.gov/ASCR/News/NewsSciDAC-2.html

If a more precise date is needed, I can try to contact our program officers.

Thanks,
Chander 
 
</verbatim>

 5. *Ruth Pordes, John McGee, Vicky White, Michael Ernst, Doug Olson*; Wordsmith the "Mission Statement" presented to the Council.

 6. *Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Miron Livny, Michael Ernst, Kent Blackburn*; Work to revise the Management Plan.

 7. *Ruth Pordes, John McGee, Dan Fraser, Frank Wuerthwein*; Develop strategy for approach XD teams regarding engage, user support & advanced user support by the OSG.

 8. *Kent Blackburn*; Set up a doodle poll to determine the best date for the August Face-to-Face. The Council meeting will be one day. It will be preceded by a one day meeting of proposal planning lead by Ruth. The Council will have a dinner the night before the Council meeting. 

   * Venue: Fermilab or Hotel near Chicago?
   * [[http://www.doodle.com/zykgavkaz4dtx7vn][Doodle Poll for Determining the Face-to-Face Council Meeting Date]]


%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues:

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%




-- Main.KentBlackburn - 09 Apr 2010