%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1397230357" format="1.1" reprev="1.18" version="1.18"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! OSG Council AHM face-to-face
<table width="100%" border="0"><tbody><tr><td valign="top"> </td><td valign="top">
 

%TOC% </td><td width="25%" align="right" valign="top">
%TABLE{ sort="off" dataalign="left" tableborder="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="3" headerbg="#F3EDE7" databg="#F3EDE7"}% 
| |
</td></tr></tbody></table>
%STARTINCLUDE%
---+++ Logistics
   * April 10-11 2014; All times are Pacific
   * Room: Kavli Third Floor SLAC
   * Remote Attendance: Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk?)
   * Access Code: 8403921#

---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: 
   * Regrets-notification given:
   * Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting: [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/January-29-2014]]

 *Agenda moved to Indico to avoid certificate issue*    [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=8389]]


Reminder of [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/March-14-2013#Council_Member_Visions][Vision statements in 2013]]

---+++   New Action items
   * Clemson U offered to host the 2015 AHM - thank you!
   *  Ruth renewed as the chair of the council for the next 2 years
   * Council and project to  investigate possible synergies and collaborative activities between OSG and ACI REF. Can find a mutual community  to work with OSG-Connect?
   * Document the conditions to select OSG-Connect or a replication of a submission site for a new community? User Support plans to think about this over the next year.
   * Request project to identify the  scalability limits for the various OSG services in preparation for LHC Run2 (X2 in computing/data throughput needed)
   * Request project list the software components and prioritize the needs for LHC Run 2 ((X2 in computing/data throughput needed towards identifying availability for new technologies)
   * What are concrete actions Consortium stakeholders would ask OSG to take on wrt clouds, cloud federations.
   * Estimate the impact of supporting the Intensity Frontier experiments at a production level of service.
   * Phone meeting between ESNET Council member, Technical Director, Perfsonar lead, Michael Ernst (ESNET liaison), and IU contact to discuss OSG involvement in ESNET governance/planning.
   * Plan for next CIC - at a US CMS tier-3 site in the summer? Where /when might the next CIC be. 
   * Request information from the project to plan a date by when the decision on the next renewal of theX509 Certificate CAs  is planned. Who will lead this project?
   * Council to help with Focus meeting on request for access to Cloud interface provisioned resources
   * Will organize venue for report from AtlasConnect to  give OSG information on what they have learned, difficulties in using other XD resources
   * Expect user focus meeting with 2 communities with different pilot implementations.



%STOPINCLUDE%


-- Main.RuthPordes - 29 Jan 2014
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_11apr2014.pdf][OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_11apr2014.pdf]]: OSG-XD Report to Council - 11apr2014

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_11apr2014.pdf" attachment="OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_11apr2014.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG-XD Report to Council - 11apr2014" date="1397154270" path="OSG-XD Report to Council 11apr2014.pdf" size="401740" stream="OSG-XD Report to Council 11apr2014.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp63282" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
