%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1341337134" format="1.1" version="1.28"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ OSG Council Action Items

Action Items result from Council meetings. The person who has accepted to follow up is identified. 
While some items have already been completed, in the future before closing an item we will
   * identify which Council meeting resulted in completion, drop, or reassignement of the action items
   * include one sentence and/or a pointer to further information explaining what was done in pursuit of the action item.

---++ June 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items

1. Describe the Vlab use case (“using our technology for their own benefit”) – it could be of benefit in multiple situations. (?)

2. Get a report on how many users are interested in Globus online. Do a survey in the next few months to see what communities are testing Globus online that are using OSG services. How many different VO’s are working with Globus online at this point? (work out a financial model in terms of how OSG would deal with this?)  (Ruth).
 
3. Set up a meeting or workshop to talk about networking in a month or so. Need to determine who to drive from OSG (Lothar). 

---++ May 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items

1. Please fill out the Doodle poll regarding the proposed August Face-to-Face dates. (Council)

2. Regarding status of Globus/CDIGS support: Close the past action item to write a letter of support.  Instead, work with project and set up a process similar to that of Bestman, and report back to council in a couple of months regarding this. (Ruth, Steve, Miron, Lothar)

3. Go over definition and process for developing a Satellite from the twiki with Jerome. (Ruth)



---++ April 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items

1. Follow up with Steve Tuecke to determine next steps regarding GLOBUS funding request. (Ruth)

2. Follow up with Executive Team by April 1st regarding Engage effort. (Lothar)

3. Discuss next steps for International Outreach. (Ruth)

4. Response to IU AHM proposal by May Council meeting. (Ruth)


---++ March 23, 2012: Council AHM Action Items

1. Assessment of risk and plan for OSG Cerfiticate Authority (Lothar) 

2. Create a plan on what to do if we need to switch a cert authority. (Security Team)

3. Approach stakeholders like US atlas to discuss OSG Cert. Authority transition process.(Mine)

4. Make a risk assessment regarding CA’s disappearing and Executive Team to review. (Michael and Lothar and Executive team) 

5. Guidance from Council- what should we do different for satellites? (All)

6. Richard to share what he knows about various project proposals and create a small document identifying areas of research. (Richard) *COMPLETE*


---++ March 22, 2012: Council AHM Action Items
1.Paul to follow up with Ruth and Steve T next week (March 26th-30th) regarding background issues, determine next steps to develop funding letter. *DROPPED* (replaced by May Action Item.
  
2. Continue discussion re: Engage funding- high priority to develop campus strategy. (Executive Team) *Moved to OSG Project* 

3. Keep Engage as a standing OSG Council Teleconference agenda item. (Paul/Rick) *COMPLETE*

4. Follow up with Executive Team by April 1st. (Lothar) *COMPLETE*

5. Discuss next steps for International Outreach Program. <Only application Horst received was from Brazil, who couldn’t secure funds> (Council) *COMPLETE*

6. Modify bylaws to clarify interpretation of active member standing.  (Paul/Rick) *COMPLETE*

7. Update bylaw to reflect allowing non-members of council to be considered for election as Council Chair. (Paul/Rick) *COMPLETE*

8. Obtain email statement from Ruth and conduct vote 1 week after statement is circulated to the Council. (Paul/Rick) *COMPLETE*

9. Try to get a commitment for the next Face-to-Face location by next Council meeting. (Rob Q)

10. Modify AHM instructions to identify and delegate the two distinct roles of organizing logistics versus organizing the program. 



---++ February 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items
1. Rick will send an [[official announcement]] (email) describing the election process. *COMPLETE*

2. Add concerns raised about OSG management structure, effectiveness of entities within this structure- put as agenda item for next meeting to discuss nature of those concerns in more detail, decide how council will move forward to address these. Could involve changes to bylaws. *COMPLETE*

3. Paul and Rick to prepare something and send around for discussion, Steve offered to help. (re: GLOBUS funding request) *COMPLETE*




---++ January 2012 Council Teleconference Action Items

1. Check [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/New][Membership Listing]] (council) *COMPLETE*

2.  Rick will make a proposal to request approval for a time schedule variance from the ED selection process detailed in the Management plan. (co-chairs) *COMPLETE*

3.  Question: Is council interested in learning more about possible satellite or supporting initiatives? ED to make this report; gather ideas from other council members i.e. areas of work interested in. (executive director) *COMPLETE*


---++ December 2011 Council Teleconference Action Items

1. ED: Form a subcommittee and make recommendation (co-chairs). *COMPLETE*

2. Council chair: Contact current co-chairs if interested (Council). *COMPLETE*

3. iSGTW (carry over) (co-chairs and council) *COMPLETE*

4. Investigate future funding (Paul) *COMPLETE*

5. AHM: Get a report next week; send to council (David Swanson) *COMPLETE*

6. Sign off on revised charter. (council) *COMPLETE*

7. Look at and provide changes to Accomplishments document by Jan. 10 teleconference (council) *COMPLETE*


---++ November 2011 Council Teleconference Action Items

1. Follow up on iSGTW name change, first with Council, then with iSGTW board (co-chairs and council) *COMPLETE*

2. Investigate future funding for iSGTW past the current Mar 2012 drop off date and the risk of a shortfall in future OSG Project funding for even the current 1/2 FTE. (Paul Avery) Proposal submitted *COMPLETE*

3. Jen make OSG status more obvious in news box. *COMPLETE*

4. Try to bring in new users (council).

5. Council agrees charter needs some editing. Perhaps the term Sustaining Charter describes it best and will be used *COMPLETE*.

6. Follow up about panels for AHM (council) *COMPLETE*

7. Respond to Emails about International Outreach visitors program (council) *COMPLETE*

---++ September 2011 Council Teleconference Action Items

    * Owners:* Ruth
   * Date Originated:* Sept 2011
   * Date Completed:* Dec 2012
   * Initial Recommendation:* revise charter to include services and present to council at Oct teleconf.
   * Results of Action: New charter in place.

  * Owners:* Ruth
   * Date Originated:* Sept 2011
   * Date Completed:* Dec 2012
   * Initial Recommendation:* Adopt descoped BestMan support
   * Results of Action: Bestman support transitioned to OSG at the end of 2011

---++ Aug 2-3, 2011 Face to Face Action Items
---+++ From Executive Director Report
   * Find effort within project to pay attention to requirements and gather them.How do OSG sites get involved?
   * Action: Talk to group and have them talk to Jim Basney.
   * Future Action: Implementing Bestman and Bestman II. (Task for FY12) Issue to come before council, commitment from OSG to have sustaining support/ work w/ communities that use.
   * If something is missing from the “Goals to be prioritized in January” slide (4.2), let Alain know.
   * At Site Administrators meeting in Texas next week, Alan will train people on how to do testing. RP wants representation from all communities there, if possible (See slide 28). If missing a community, tell RP.

---+++From Technical Director Report
   * Blueprint of OSG- Council to read. 
   * Council to send Miron feedback re: extent council is prepared to guide, direct? 
   * Council to help in talking with sponsor, writing of proposal, outline how to talk to agencies?
   * Future council meeting: poll VOs if they want to be a prototype tester (follow from NEEs archiving model)

---+++Council Members Talking to Sponsors
   * US LHC JOG meeting in October- ATLAS/CMS, suggest that OSG is on the agenda.  Make sure they understand how Tier 3’s contribute to physics output. (Bob, Nick, have this discussion with the program Manager)
   * Discussion w/ Executive team need for consortium members to help- US LHC Council members to follow up with funding agent, get participating institutions to contact agencies. Run 2 experiments to speak to spokespeople. Reach out to DOE, other members of council, encourage giving talks on your campus etc. 
   * CDF and DZero go to Spoke’s, what would they say? Write something up with bullet points for each experiment (Refer to run 2 assessment document written last year defining dependency on OSG. Include chart with effort profile submitted to DOE/NSF i.e. Mass apply as major stakeholder to NIH?

   * Owners:* Council
   * Date Originated:* August 2011
   * Date Completed:* May2012
   * Initial Recommendation:* as above
   * Results of Action: OSG funding for next phase in place

---+++Aug 3 

---++++OUTCOME/Action Item(s)  
   * Owners:* Ruth Pordes
   * Date Originated:* August 2011
   * Date Completed:* Sept 2011
   * Initial Recommendation:*  Executive Director to Present to council, executive team, other components of XD- learn more about other parts.
   *  Results of Action: Done in Sept 2011

   * Owners:* Miron Livny
   * Date Originated:* August 2011
   * Date Completed:* Sept 2011
   * Initial Recommendation:*  Miron to talk to Craig Stewart about Campus Bridging activity.
   *  Results of Action: Done in Sept 2011

   * Owners:* Council
   * Date Originated:* August 2011
   * Date Completed:*  still open
   * Initial Recommendation:*  Continue discussion re: allocating resource with main resource providers within OSG. Engage hard discussion, effort, goals, priority given to major funding sources, stakeholders, broadening our participation and value (executive team)

---++++ WLCG futures and OSG 
   * Owners:* Ruth Pordes
   * Date Originated:* August 2011
   * Date Completed:* Feb 2012
   * Initial Recommendation:*  Draft letter, giving OSG comments, names of 4 OSG members to assign to WLCG TEG working groups, discussion of this item and have a conclusion in a couple of days. (Individuals to be proposed/ coordinated at Executive team meetings). 
   *  Results of Action:  Brian Bockelman named as the coordinator of all OSG contributions to the WLCG TEG; He reported semi-monthly to the Executive Team. TEGs gave reports in Spring 2012 and generated recommendations for technical and activity groups for future needs.

---++++Exchanges with the Americas 
   * Owners: OSG Council
   * Date Originated: August 13rd
   * Date Completed: Sept 1011
   * Results of Action:  Jose/ Horst created wiki page with checklist of what people would need i.e. local travel funding, guidelines on what to expect, checklist of details.

---+ Aug 2008 - May 2011

---++ August 2008 Face-to-Face Council Action Items

---+++ 1. *Promote the appointment of “Collective VO” representatives:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Kent Blackburn, Paul Avery, Shaowen Wang
   * *Date Originated:* August 2008
   * *Date Completed:* August 2009
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Form council subcommittee to review "collective VOs" and make recommendations to council for achieving action
   * *Results of Action:* Shaowen Wang began in March 2009; Tom Furlani began in August 2009. Second recommendation of subcommittee passed council vote, the first did not.

---+++ 2. *Review current organizational structure for the OSG Council:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Kent Blackburn, Paul Avery
   * *Date Originated:* August 2008
   * *Date Completed:* March 2009
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Form council subcommittee to review organization and make recommendations to council for achieving action
   * *Results of Action:* Council adopted second recommendation from Collective VO subcommittee to have the Collective VOs establish a forum for self appointing their representatives 

---+++ 3. *Develop capability to measure the science domains being served by OSG resources:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*, BUT GENERATED NEW ACTION ITEM (SEE 12 BELOW).

   * *Owners:* OSG Executive Team
   * *Date Originated:* August 2008
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* This topic be taken up at a blueprint meeting to evaluate ways technology may facilitate
   * *Results of Action:* Process has been implemented. *However*, a new action item (see 12 below), is in place to assure correctness and completeness of VO science domain characterization by the process.

---+++ 4. *Evaluate concept of placing small scale parallel (MPI) clusters some OSG sites:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* OSG Executive Team
   * *Date Originated:* March 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Consider seeding some OSG sites with same 32-64 node MPI based clusters
   * *Results of Action:* TBD; A proposal was submitted to funding agency; This action item is complete. The proposal was partially funded – the effort was funded and not the h/w. The project is a satellite. Dan Fraser is the technical lead and has/can report. 

---+++ 5. *Develop a plan to support virtual machine user/apps:*

   * *Owners:* Jerome Lauret, Ruth Pordes, Sebastien Goasguen
   * *Date Originated:* April 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Owners would develop a plan for future
   * *Results of Action:* TBD

"Initial round of work to support STAR on Clemson and Glow reported in the annual report. Brian and Igor asked by Ruth to work with Sebastien on
understanding if and how this fits in the production OSG environment."

---+++ 6. *Bring Area Coordinator Reporting to the monthly Council telecons:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Kent, Paul, Members of Executive Board
   * *Date Originated:* June 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* In order to give Council greater visibility into the inner workings of the Exec Team and Area Coordinators, reports from these areas will be integrated into monthly meetings of the Council.
   * *Results of Action:* Now an integral component of monthly OSG Council Telecons

---++ August 10th, 11th, 2009 OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting Action Items:

---+++ 7. *Evaluate how best to stagger Executive Director Term to account for current overlap with Council Co-Chairs and provide continuity:*

   * *Owners:* Kent, Paul, Richard Mount
   * *Date Originated:* August 10th, 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Council is in favor of staggering Executive Director and Council Chair(s). Should include in recommendation the fact that the OSG proposal is strongly coupled to this term and the next term. In addition, a change to management plan to allow for overlap between current Executive Director and elected Executive Director was discussed as a valuable possible mechanism to provide continuity. These changes will need to be reflected as changes to OSG By-Laws and Management Plan, etc.
   * *Results of Action:* TBD

---+++ 8. *Evaluate how best to stagger Council Chair(s) Term(s) to account for current overlap with Executive Director and provide continuity:*

   * *Owners:* Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
   * *Date Originated:* August 10th, 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Council is in favor of staggering Council Chair(s). Should include in recommendation the fact that the OSG proposal is strongly coupled to this term and the next term. In addition, a change to By-Laws to allow for deputy chair and chair overlap to provide continuity, with the deputy chair replacing the chair on a TBD schedule (mid-term?).
   * *Results of Action:* TBD

---+++ 9. *Evaluate how best to establish and exercise Science Advisory Group (SAG):*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Ruth Pordes, Scott McCauley, Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
   * *Date Originated:* August 10th, 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Consider forming a subcommittee of the Council to manage this process.
   * *Results of Action:* TBD

Phone or face-to-face meeting held with all members. Request from Gaudenz Danuser for a face to face meeting of the group.

---+++ 10. *Establish a subcommittee of the Open Science Grid (Executive Board) to determine how to migrate effort from core activities to provide support and architecture for the long term:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* OSG Council
   * *Date Originated:* August 10th, 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Careful prioritization is needed to assure effort on OSG future is supported and coupled with this action. Recommendations to follow from council discussions and vote to follow and address this action item.
   * *Results of Action:* Recommendations from Council are "officially" captured in the meeting [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Agenda2009Aug11][minutes]]. Recommendations were circulated to the OSG Executive Board in an email on August 31st, 2009. The Technology Group was established. An architecture document was written. The group now has items in the FY11 WBS that is currently being constructed.

https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Blueprint/WebHome#Technology_Group
http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=966

---+++ 11. *Evaluate risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Bill Johnston
   * *Date Originated:* August 10th, 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Report back findings from interacting with other communities to council at next Face-to-Face Meeting.
   * *Results of Action:* Workshop [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/OsgEsnetWorkshopReport][Report]] sent to Council 

---+++ 12. *Inform and iterate with the OSG VO Liaisons regarding the collection of science domain metrics. Work with VOs to accurately define their science domain areas for the purpose of these metrics:*
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Scott McCauley (for the GOC)
   * *Date Originated:* August 10th, 2009
   * *Date Completed:* Open
   * *Initial Recommendation:* Working with VOs, inform and update as needed their science domain. Report back to the OSG Council by the time of our next Face-to-Face meeting the status and any new issues discoverd in working with the VOs.
   * *Results of Action:*  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/MeasurementsAndMetrics/MetricScienceUsage][Report]] to the Council

---++ March 2010 Face-to-Face Council Action Items

---+++ 1. Communicate with Ian regarding Globus Alliance position on Council.
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Paul Avery

---+++ 2. Develop and document a process for removing a council representative on the basis of participation. This should include an "inactive state", which also has a process for returning to "active status" based on the procedures to be developed and documented. This process should be reviewed by the council before ratification.
---++++ *COMPLETED - MIGRATED INTO THE MANAGEMENT PLAN AI*

   * *Owners:* Shaowen Wang & Doug Olson
   * Action Item 2 from March 2010, [[%ATTACHURL%/suspension-100816.docx][suggesting]] how the bylaws and voting rules documents could be updated to reflect the inactive status/suspension procedures previously discussed.

---+++ 3. Develop a document covering "expectations" for coming into the OSG. Collective VO representatives reported that there were lots of questions regarding how to interact with the funding agencies as a member of the OSG. One example VO was noted as SBGrid in the discussion.
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Ruth Pordes, John McGee & Piotr Sliz
   * *Date Completed:*  July 2010
   * *Result:* presented to June Council meeting.  Comments from Council included. Final document at: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/MemberExpectations

---+++ 4. Find out the end data for SciDAC II
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Chander Sehgal*
   * *Result:* Mid 2011

---+++ 5. Wordsmith the "Mission Statement" presented to the Council.
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Ruth Pordes, John McGee, Vicky White, Michael Ernst, Doug Olson

   * *Council Face to Face Endorsed this statement:* "The Open Science Grid (OSG) advances science through open distributed computing. The OSG is a multi-disciplinary partnership to federate local, regional, community and national cyberinfrastructures to meet the needs of research and academic communities at all scales. “

---+++ 6. Work to revise the Management Plan.

   * *Owners:* Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Miron Livny, Michael Ernst, Kent Blackburn, Vicky White

---+++ 7. Develop strategy for approach XD teams regarding engage, user support & advanced user support by the OSG.
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Ruth Pordes, John McGee, Dan Fraser, Frank Wuerthwein
   * *Date Completed:* Ongoing

Discussions held with XROADs and XSEDE teams. Separate letters of committment submitted to the 2 proponents. Proposals submitted July 16th. Preliminary review in mid-September. Understand that there will be more open discussion after that. 


---+++ 8. Set up a doodle poll to determine the best date for the August Face-to-Face. The Council meeting will be one day. It will be preceded by a one day meeting of proposal planning lead by Ruth. The Council will have a dinner the night before the Council meeting. 
---++++ *COMPLETED*

   * *Owners:* Kent Blackburn

   * Venue: Fermilab or Hotel near Chicago?
   * [[http://www.doodle.com/zykgavkaz4dtx7vn][Doodle Poll for Determining the Face-to-Face Council Meeting Date]]

---++ May 2011 Face-to-Face Council Action Items

---+++ 1.  ET will come up with the impact/plan to inform funding agencies how it is - next JOG is October.

---+++ 2. Ruth will work w/ Rob and ET to have a Strategic Plan discussions, input (council, stakeholders, users, staff), draft and review, by June 30.

---+++ 3. Post All Hands March 19-23, 2012, on OSG home; announcements elsewhere.

---+++ 4. For next council meeting, ET will cull the documents to say what council (including council chair) does now and present that. ET will circulate it one week before Aug meeting.

---+++ 5. Michael Ernst talk with Bill Johnston and Steve Cotter and report to council co-chairs. Co-chairs will ask Kathy Yelick for a replacement for Bill.

---+++ 6. Use of ATLAS opportunistic resources.  This is a process other VOs could benefit from. It can be used as a template.

---+++ 7. Kent and Rick will communicate the change of chair to Paul, and Rick to whole council.


-- Main.JenniferNahn - 10 Jun 2011
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/suspension-100816.docx][suspension-100816.docx]]: Suggested changes to address inactive council representatives


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="suspension-100816.docx" attachment="suspension-100816.docx" attr="" comment="Suggested changes to address inactive council representatives" date="1282097371" path="suspension-100816.docx" size="14003" stream="suspension-100816.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp22594" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
