%META:TOPICINFO{author="KimberlyMyles" date="1355157481" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

%TOC%

---+++ Logistics

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/WebHome#Logistics][Logistics details]] 


---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: 
   * Regrets-notification given: Horst Severini, Robert Clare, Greg Bell
   * Regrets: 

---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/November-13-2012][NovemberTeleconference]]

---+++ Resulting (new/updated) Action Items:  
   * 
---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  Ruth Pordes
      * Council Representation: Jarek Nabrzyski of Notre Dame has indicated his interested in increased engagement of ND with OSG at the Consortium/Council level.  Notre Dame has a condor campus infrastructure with Purdue, has an OSG site, and is a leading institution for the dV/DT and DASPOS satellites. I am interested in your input for this. Jarek plans to come to the AHM in March and is available to present to the Council at the face to face there.
      * EGI and XSEDE plan a workshop on use cases across CIs at the upcoming EGI community forum in April http://cf2013.egi.eu/ . OSG applications would seem to be an exemplar here and I am looking for one or two volunteers to help with a joint submission.
      * Status of [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]]  - Ruth 
         * 88. Follow up on user support lead for SURAgrid for Guy Almes and Steve Johnson - Chander. *Outcome* "It doesn't appear that we'll (..SuraGrid will) be able to get past the 3 constraints to running glideinWMS across all of the SURAgrid sites, so we'll continue to pursue traditional and perhaps new methods for workflow management. " 
         * 86 and 85: CIC and Campus Grids discussions will happen this month
      * BES Community Reports to the Council- Amber Boehnlein, Michael Ernst
      * Annual OSG All Hands meeting

   * Executive Director - Report  - Lothar Bauerdick
      * 

---+++  Special orders --- Important business previously designated for consideration at this meeting.
   * CIC Meeting Reports to the Council- Rob Gardener
      * 
   * Virtual Organization Reports to the Council 
      * VO of the month: 
      
---+++ Committee reports.
   * OSG Sustainability after 5 years- An email vote was conducted. The charter was passed with 11 Yes responses (of which 2 had comments which were followed up on) and there were null "no"-votes .
   * Status of other sub-committees  - Planning draft reports for discussion at the face to face in March.

---+++   Unfinished business.
   * Campus Grids- continued discussion- Dan Fraser's designate: Derek Weitzel

---+++   New business.
---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: January 8, 2013 (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)
   * Annual OSG All Hands meeting: March 11-13, Indiana University [[http://pti.iu.edu/osgahm-2013][Draft OSG All Hands Meeting website]]

---+++   Standing Items of the OSG Project
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-XSEDE_Usage_History_10-dec-2012.pdf][OSG-XSEDE Usage History]]-updated 10 Dec. 2012

---+++ Adjournment.


-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 6 Dec 2012 
  

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-XSEDE_Usage_History_10-dec-2012.pdf" attachment="OSG-XSEDE_Usage_History_10-dec-2012.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG-XSEDE usage history (December)" date="1355157360" path="OSG-XSEDE Usage History 10-dec-2012.pdf" size="363385" stream="OSG-XSEDE Usage History 10-dec-2012.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56891" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
