%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284649" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
--+!! Executive Director’s report
%TOC% </td><td width="25%" align="right" valign="top">
 
---+ Executive Director’s report

---++ Operations:
Record usage of OSG last week. 

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/EdReport-Apr13-2010/vo_bar_smry.png]]
---++ LHC
no big issues. Continuing to attend daily operations meetings; track alarm tickets - test and real; move forward with web services based ticket exchange. 

---++ LIGO
LIGO continuing to run but no big push at the moment to increase the throughput. Robert Engel wrote a very good paper on the errors encountered. Dan Fraser is working to pull lots of different reports of errors encountered together to determine how to communicate the issues to new users so people don't keep having to find the same errors.

---++ Other items
Campus Bridging workshop : Posted the paper from the November workshop to the Work Shop and participated in panel discussions.
<br>
Follow up to Magellan- OSG phone meeting: Have asked Chander to own this account. He is working with the various parties and will come up with action items and activities soon. 

---++ Interactions with DOE - HEP and ASCR

No news

---++ Council Action Items



3.  Develop a document covering "expectations" for coming into the OSG. <br>
Initial draft with contributions from John McGgee and Ruth. Email to Piotr for his input 

 
5. Wordsmith the "Mission Statement" presented to the Council.<br>
Will start this after July 1st.

6. Ruth Pordes, Paul Avery, Miron Livny, Michael Ernst, Kent Blackburn; Work to revise the Management Plan.
<br>Will start this after June 1st. 


7. ; Develop strategy for approach XD teams regarding engage, user support & advanced user support by the OSG.<br>
Frank W in NDA with Richard Moores XD team. 
No NDA agreed to with John Towns XD team. Waiting for this response to whether there can be any collaboration without NDA.



---++ Upcoming meetings:
Condor week this week<br>
Trash/Trash/Blueprint at BNL May 13/14th<br>

Project and Operations Management face to face, Fermilab,  May 26th<br>
<p>
Expect to hear about the joint proposal for student funding soon. This will provide student stipends for:<br>
OSG Summer School, Madison July 19th<br>
Participation in TeraGrid Conference, Pittsburg, Aug 2-5th<br>





-- Main.RuthPordes - 12 Apr 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="vo_bar_smry.png" attachment="vo_bar_smry.png" attr="" comment="" date="1271125666" path="vo_bar_smry.png" size="60328" stream="vo_bar_smry.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp30844" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
