%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285015" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Action Items from last Council meeting:

# Ruth (Executive Director) will approach ATLAS (Torre and Michael) management and request help from the council as needed – regarding sharing. 
<asis>
Answer from Michael Ernst on behalf of US ATLAS

To be 
------ Forwarded Message
From: "Ernst, Michael" <mernst@bnl.gov>
Date: Mon, 4 Apr 2011 15:46:08 -0500
To: Ruth Pordes <ruth@fnal.gov>, "Gordon, Howard A" <gordon@bnl.gov>, "Wenaus, Torre" <wenaus@bnl.gov>
Cc: "Mount, Richard P." <richard.mount@slac.stanford.edu>, Kent Blackburn <kent@ligo.caltech.edu>, Paul Avery <avery@phys.ufl.edu>
Subject: RE: Allowing other users to use OSG sites at lower priority than the "owner VO"

Ruth,
 there is mutual agreement within US ATLAS management about our policy: US ATLAS not only uses its resources with high efficiency, but also makes sure that through OSG any temporarily unused resources are in general available to Science communities in the US.

There may have been technical challenges in the past that have prevented the US ATLAS Facilities from providing resources to other communities, however we are now confident that the infrastructure as it is deployed today is sufficiently mature to share resources with them. 

As to the implementation we aim at doing that at the collaboration (or project) level, not by individual sites, at least as it pertains to US ATLAS program acquired resources. To make the process of having other communities using US ATLAS resources successfully we propose to have an official representative from each of the interested VOs join the US ATLAS Facilities Trash/Trash/Integration Program for the time needed to complete the integration process. At the collaboration level we discuss the requirements pertaining to individual VOs and adapt the configuration at either side, if required, up to the point where compatibility at the facility level is achieved.

We are prepared to start the above described process with the first out of a selection of interested VOs at any point in time. 

Regards,

Michael Ernst</asis>

# Also audit the policies. Joining – check

To be done before next face to face Council meeting

# Ruth will have a meeting about IRODS, with regard to CoralWMS?. 

To be started in May

Proposal status:

No response from NSF recently about proposal submitted to NSF

SciDAC -3 proposal in progress. [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/EdReport-Apr12-2011/InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf][LOI]] submitted. Focus areas: data, workflow, security, systems, tools. Full proposal due May 2nd. More Computer Scientists participating - Doug Thain, Ewa Deelman, Von Welch - in addition to Brian and MIne. Miron as PI, Lothar as Associate Director. 


-- Main.RuthPordes - 12 Apr 2011
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf][InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf]]: InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf" attachment="InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1302625138" path="InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf" size="18834" stream="InDHTC-LOI-V0.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp35768" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
