%META:TOPICINFO{author="KimberlyMyles" date="1360621642" format="1.1" reprev="1.16" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

---+++ Logistics
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/WebHome#Logistics][Meeting logistics]]

---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: 
   * Regrets-notification given: Jim Shank
   * Regrets:

---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/January-8-2013][January Teleconference]]

---+++ Resulting (new/updated) Action Items:  
   * 

---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  Ruth Pordes
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/March-14-2013][Agenda for March Face-to-Face]]. Thoughts of the Council Chair:
         * Motion to make Council meetings Quarterly for 2-3 hours.
         * Members  contributions/needs/benefits  dialog  
         * Notre Dame application to become a member of the Council
         * Questions to be addressed by Council chair at March face-to-face
      * Status of [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]]  - Ruth Pordes
         *  57. Technology investigation has role to play in Council meetings. Good to include it as an agenda item: first time is today.
         *  91. Provide a report of BOSCO downloads – this will be posted periodically under “Standing Items of the OSG Project: First time is today.
         *  93. Check “if a VO is using a file that is NOT a root file, will it work with AAA?” in response to a question from Gabriele.-Ken Bloom 




   
   * Executive Director - Report  - Lothar Bauerdick
      

---+++ Committee reports.
   * Subcommittee on Industry - [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.docx][Draft Report]] - David, Ken, Piotr, Ruth 
      The Subcommittee has drafted some recommendations in terms of direction and also a couple of pilot activities to recommend to the OSG project for discussion. The subcommittee is also discussing communicating to the project some comments on the existing policy of commercial use of the OSG fabric of services.  
   * Subcommittee on Council Structure - Amber, Vicky, Ruth The Subcommittee drafted recommendations to propose to the Council:  
      * Remove the less than specific sentence from the [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=25][Charter for the Open Science Grid]]: "A structure of management and coordination bodies oversees and coordinates the work of the Consortium."
      * Clarify terms, responsibilities, and remove mention of the Scientific Advisory Group from the By-Laws- proposed changes at: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Council/February-12-2013/By-Laws-2013.docx][Open Science Grid Consortium By-Laws]].
---+++   Unfinished business.

---+++   Standing Items of the OSG Project
   * OSG has committed 2M hours per quarter for XSEDE users; this is approximately 666K hours per month.  In January 2013, the usage was approximately 2.2M hours (not counting the 0.5M hours used by CSIU which represents an OSG user at the Indiana University School of Medicine).  We have been advised by the chair of the XSEDE Resource Allocation Committee (XRAC) that there are requests for 10M-20M hours pending against OSG at the March 11 meeting; historically OSG has made 2M hours available each quarter.  
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/viewfile/Council/February-12-2013/Recent_OSG-XSEDE_usage.png][OSG-XSEDE Usage History]] - traditional view from Gratia
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/viewfile/Council/February-12-2013/XDMod_OSG_5-feb-2013.JPG][OSG Usage]] - as reported in XDMod   
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/BOSCO_Package_Download_Form_1.pdf][BOSCO Download report]]

---+++   New business.
   * Input from Council members on items that they would like to see on future agendas.

---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: March 14-15, [[http://pti.iu.edu/osgahm-2013][OSG All Hands meeting]] at Indiana University 
---+++ Adjournment.


-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 5 Feb 2013


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="BOSCO_Package_Download_Form_1.xlsx" attachment="BOSCO_Package_Download_Form_1.xlsx" attr="" comment="" date="1359754800" path="BOSCO Package Download Form (1).xlsx" size="13066" stream="BOSCO Package Download Form (1).xlsx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp7398" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="BOSCO_Package_Download_Form_1.pdf" attachment="BOSCO_Package_Download_Form_1.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1359755595" path="BOSCO Package Download Form (1).pdf" size="131868" stream="BOSCO Package Download Form (1).pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp2340" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Recent_OSG-XSEDE_usage.png" attachment="Recent_OSG-XSEDE_usage.png" attr="" comment="" date="1360001585" path="Recent OSG-XSEDE usage.png" size="58328" stream="Recent OSG-XSEDE usage.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp3374" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="XDMod_OSG_5-feb-2013.JPG" attachment="XDMod_OSG_5-feb-2013.JPG" attr="" comment="OSG Usage as reported in XDMod" date="1360085555" path="XDMod OSG 5-feb-2013.JPG" size="69692" stream="XDMod OSG 5-feb-2013.JPG" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp40430" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.docx" attachment="OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.docx" attr="" comment="" date="1360169996" path="OSG’s Relationships with Industry.docx" size="157560" stream="OSG’s Relationships with Industry.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp40977" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="By-Laws-2013.docx" attachment="By-Laws-2013.docx" attr="" comment="" date="1360361824" path="By-Laws-2013.docx" size="125162" stream="By-Laws-2013.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp2958" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
