%META:TOPICINFO{author="KimberlyMyles" date="1357772531" format="1.1" reprev="1.16" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference
---+++ %RED%**Minutes under Construction**%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Logistics

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/WebHome#Logistics][Logistics details]] 


---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: Ruth Pordes, Ken Bloom, Amber Boehnlein, Greg Bell, Rob Quick, Von Welch, Brad Abbott, Paul Avery, Gabriele Garzoglio, Jim Shank, Vicky White, Steve Tuecke, Chander Sehgal, Lothar Bauerdick, Jerome Lauret, Horst Severini, Tom Hacker
   * Regrets-notification given: Bill Barnett, David Swanson, Bob Clare, Rick Snider
   * Regrets: Michael Ernst, Miron Livny, Piotr Sliz

---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/December-11-2012][December Teleconference]]


---+++ Resulting (new/updated) Action Items:  
   * 
---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  Ruth Pordes
      * Status of [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]]  - Ruth
         * Campus Grid items complete based on discussion at Dec 2012 Council meeting; BES communities report action item transitioned based on report from Michael/Amber at Dec Council meeting. 
           * Follow up discussion at face-to-face in March.
           * 9 open action items- Ruth to review and follow up on as time permits.
      * Globus Online-Report- Steve Tuecke (Action Item 51: Ask Executive team to get a statement regarding Globus Online.) <i>Goal is for Council members to understand GO,  its use cases, and stakeholder needs sufficiently to recommend or not further steps towards support as part of  OSG software or production services. 
</i>   * Quick demo of new capability around sharing . It’s as easy as a drop box but for big data: move your file systems; any storage system provider can plug into  GO system and share with that system and any GO user.
         * Endpoint: new menu option called “Share”.  To export it- give it a new logical name; can put permission against that. Can set read, write permissions in Endpoint and open another Endpoint instance  and can transfer to and from between the two--- don’t need to copy to cloud directly instead use a “to and from” local system.
         * Major new capability: Group Management. Can manage settings.. self help manage group, invite participants by email address, group names etc. “End-user-facing” group management system.  Can use for sharing…make simple sharing available to user community--- administer, can create settings…set up sharing dmz on your site- users can share within those constraint.
         * Key GO goal is long term sustainability; how to bring in a revenue stream off of GLOBUS online- allowing U of C to operate and support it as a service… 
         * This is the first feature that will only be available as a paid feature. Sharing for end-users…any site can turn on ability to share for free.. for users who purchase a plus plan. Basic plan is Free; Plus plan is  $7 month or $70 a year..(Add peer- to peer transfer capability. Free for stored system provider to turn on, users pay for right to…) Second model, can share from one end point…as platform for their own web GUI’s.
         * How would people pay?-VW
            * Two pricing models: target market is computer groups..(research community org), user- can recharge to their grants, some want to turn on for all users and they will absorb cost into their research IT computing budget.
            * U of C can support PO’s, invoicing, normal legal stuff…as a commercial service being purchased.
         * Do you know which OSG stakeholders are using GO?-RP
            * Steve unsure,  recommends  consulting Brian Bockelman. HDFS to work with GLOBUS Online Brian’s working on. Just started rolling out service…
            * File access with simple sharing across different users.. STAR use it to some extent for BNL/PDF file transfers.- Jerome
            * Based on conversations feedback received from users of HPC systems (have simulations want to share for secondary analysis), Perkin Elmer (sequencing facilities), users  of advanced Photon source at Argonne. Ad hoc sharing- small project teams want to cross multiple Campus organizations and share data sets, images.-Steve T.
            * ESnet believes Globus Online is a very useful - in fact exemplary - tool, happy to elaborate over email.- Greg Bell
            * Using at Univ. of Florida as part of HPC initiative.- Paul Avery
         * Is this part of an “OSG-blessed” infrastructure tool suite? Should we recommend to VOs to use? Would VOs be more likely on their own to decide? -Ken 
         * Can Council members comment on whether this is a useful service to recommend? OSG to take a look at difference in mission between OSG Org. and OSG Project…distinction between Project providing distributed computing;  OSG foundation (non-profit) providing whatever IT services are needed by its constituency. –Steve T. What is expected of executive team- to get a statement? –Lothar Sites can make contract with GLOBUS online directly…VOs can bulk buy… should OSG give it as a service that is available at most OSG sites vs. individual sites? 
            * See Action Item 1 above.
         * What is the overall mission and goals of OSG?
            * OSG model is to support things driven by stakeholder needs and requests.-Lothar




   * Executive Director - Report  - Lothar Bauerdick
      * PKI- Written Report- Von Welch. <i> Goal is to communicate to Council members the status of  and provide an opportunity for  question or comment  on the progress of the PKI Transition </i>
         * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_VOs_and_PKI_RA_Progress.pdf][OSG VO and PKI RA Progress- Report]]
         * [[%ATTACHURL%/PKI_notes.pdf][OSG VO and PKI RA Progress- Notes]]
---+++  Special orders --- Important business previously designated for consideration at this meeting.
   * Satellite Reports to the Council. <i>Goal is to provide Council members information about a project which aims to contribute to the OSG vision and hear about its status and potential for use by OSG stakeholders, and to recommend or not further steps towards potential support as part of  OSG fabric of services.</i>
      * Any Data Anytime Any Where (AAA) Project Report - Ken Bloom   
         * [[http://dl.dropbox.com/u/26164791/aaa_130108.pdf][AAA presentation]]         
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/AnyDataAnyTimeAnyWhere][AAA Twiki page]]
      
---+++ Committee reports.
  
---+++   Unfinished business.

---+++   New business.
---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: February 12, 2013 (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)
   * Annual OSG All Hands meeting: March 11-13, Indiana University [[http://pti.iu.edu/osgahm-2013][Draft OSG All Hands Meeting website]]

---+++   Standing Items of the OSG Project
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-XSEDE_usage-_Gratia.pdf][OSG-XSEDE Usage History- Gratia]]: traditional view from Gratia
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-XSEDE_usage-XDMoD.JPG][OSG-XSEDE Usage History- XDMoD]]: view of the last three quarters from the XDMoD tool provided by XSEDE




---+++ Adjournment.


-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 8 Jan 2012



%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-XSEDE_usage-_Gratia.pdf" attachment="OSG-XSEDE_usage-_Gratia.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG - XSEDE usage traditional view from Gratia" date="1357142551" path="OSG-XSEDE usage- Gratia.pdf" size="355420" stream="OSG-XSEDE usage- Gratia.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp58239" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-XSEDE_usage-XDMoD.JPG" attachment="OSG-XSEDE_usage-XDMoD.JPG" attr="" comment="OSG - XSEDE usage XDMoD tool provided by XSEDE" date="1357142640" path="OSG-XSEDE usage-XDMoD.JPG" size="102650" stream="OSG-XSEDE usage-XDMoD.JPG" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp58169" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_VOs_and_PKI_RA_Progress.pdf" attachment="OSG_VOs_and_PKI_RA_Progress.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG VOs and PKI RA Progress" date="1357660293" path="OSG VOs and PKI RA Progress.pdf" size="102124" stream="OSG VOs and PKI RA Progress.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp59340" user="KimberlyMyles" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="PKI_notes.pdf" attachment="PKI_notes.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1357665848" path="PKI notes.pdf" size="5951" stream="PKI notes.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp59200" user="KimberlyMyles" version="3"}%
