%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1390418446" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Quarterly Teleconference 

%TOC%

---+++ Logistics
   * January 29th 2014
   * 7am Pacific Time, 8am Mountain, 9am Central, 10am Eastern 
   * Dial in instructions may be found [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/WebHome#Logistics][here]].

---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: 
   * Regrets-notification given: Tom Hacker, Bob Clare, 2nd half- Brad Abbott
  

 We will have 3 1 hour sessions with 10 minute breaks between each one. 


---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*

https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/October-2-2013#Action_items_generated
https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/October-2-2013#Action_items_generated_AN1


---+++ Resulting (new/updated) Action Items:  

---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  Ruth Pordes
   * Executive Director  - Lothar Bauerdick
   * Technical Director  - Miron Livny
      


---+++  Old Business

   * Status and Plans for the AHM  - Amber
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_29jan2014.pdf][OSG as an XD SP]] Update for reading
   * OSG CA Status - Report - Von  

Review /Update on Action Items:

113. Request from BNL for OSG to help VOs make allocation requests to XSEDE. Council Chair to discuss with ET.  - Ruth

112. Expect interim report from Blueprint and planning process for Resource Provisioning at Jan Council meeting, Jerome and Von will be part of the team, as contributors from the Consortium, in particular the cloud provisioning aspect. - Lothar


110. Follow up to include offer of XSIM/Von help support in process for new VOs and RPs. Council Chair to work on this with ET. - Von, Mine

109. Council to discuss "expectations of entry" as resource constraints continue to increase. - Ruth


107. ESNET Action items, Greg to write letter of proposed collaboration items to the ET. Council Chair requests project leadership - User Support, Campus - meet with the Science Engagement Team and report back at January Council meeting. - Greg, Michael

106. Chander, Brian, Rob Q, Bill B and Jarek N, will discuss impact, needs, initial resource allocation for the Blast application through the Galaxy portal and give an interim report back at the Jan Council meeting.  - Scott 


 



---+++ Council Member Roundtable Topics
 
   * TBD
   * Input from non-Council VOs


 
---+++   New business.



-- Main.RuthPordes - 20 Jan 2014


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_29jan2014.pdf" attachment="OSG-XD_Report_to_Council_29jan2014.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG-XD Report to Council - 29jan2014" date="1390418445" path="OSG-XD Report to Council 29jan2014.pdf" size="360303" stream="OSG-XD Report to Council 29jan2014.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56021" user="ChanderSehgal" version="3"}%
