%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1308070937" format="1.1" version="1.11"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Tuesday June 14th, 2011
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Link to minutes from May Face to Face [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Minutes2011May19Thursday][Thursday 19]] [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/Minutes2011May20Friday][Friday 20]]

   * Attending: 
   * Regrets:

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   * 
---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * Executive Director report
      * The Executive Team held a phone meeting with DOE program managers. Slides attached.
      * The [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Education/OSGSummerSchool2011][OSG Summer School]] will be june 26th-30th in Madison. Preparations are well underway
      * We are preparing a poster for the SciDAC Conference and hope to also show the display - Miron, Lothar, Ruth, Derek
      * We are ramping up for the planning of the FY12 program of work and the staff retreat at the end of July
      * NEES will include access to OSG as part of the software release in July. Work is ongoing to have this be a successful outcome.[[http://nees.org/announcements/neesupdatejune2011]]

   * Planning for the future of the VDT - Alain Roy (Software Coordinator) 
      * Documents:  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/CommunityPackagingProposal][Community Packaging Proposal]] and [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/NPTransition][Draft Transition document]] 
      * We have been looking carefully at the software packaging strategy for the next generation of OSG and are planning to make some important changes in the VDT that will help us provide better service to our community. The most significant of these changes is the transition from a Pacman based distribution to a distribution model based on RPMs (possibly incorporating additional Debian support in 2012). System administrators as well as users are expected to benefit from being able to more quickly deploy and use software updates and new OSG capabilities. Packaging with Pacman requires that all software must be completely repackaged, even if it is already packaged in some other format. By adopting a native package model within OSG, many new software capabilities that are increasingly being released natively can directly pass through into the latest OSG testing repository without need for extensive repackaging. Of course the OSG Software team will continue to provide the extensive test bed, VTB, and ITB testing that the OSG community has come to depend on.
      * We are planning for a freeze on Pacman package updates fairly quickly (June 2011), and expect to provide production-quality RPMs for Red Hat/Scientific Linux 5 to OSG stakeholders late this year and enable gradual transitions throughout 2012.
      * We are currently working on a plan to manage this transition and provide tools and support to help sites and VOs make the transition occur smoothly. The plan is still in draft form.

   * Status of preparing the NSF Annual Report - Chander Sehgal / Paul Avery
      * Process unchanged from last report - Chander & Paul serve as editors
         * Main document   [[%ATTACHURL%/Outline_-_OSG_NSF_2011_Annual_Report.pdf][(see outline attached as a pdf)]]
         * Production on OSG Metrics attachment 
         * Publications using OSG attachment
      * All inputs were due yesterday but still missing some contributions; follow-up in progress
      * Chander expects to have clean version of sections 3, 4, 5, 6 by Friday, June 17; then transition document to Paul for inclusion of section 2
      * Then Ruth, Paul, Chander will provide/update section 1 - Executive Summary
      * Goal: Complete and in NSF FastLane by June 30

---+++ The following actions from the minutes of the last Council meeting  can be reported on

   * Staffing plans, impact - part of ED report

   * Post All Hands March 19-23, 2012, on OSG home - done; announcements elsewhere  - will be included in newsletters.

   * Request that for next council meeting, ET will cull the documents to say what council (including council chair) does now and present that. ET will circulate it one week before Aug meeting.
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilInDocuments

   * Michael Ernst talk with Bill Johnston and Steve Cotter and report to council co-chairs.  Co-chairs will ask Kathy Yelick for a replacement for Bill

   * Update on the opportunistic use of ATLAS resources (Michael Ernst)
      * Introduced a process that will greatly improve things Very positive!  This is a process other VOs could benefit from. It can be used as a template.

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * Planning for August Face-to-Face Council Meeting August 2nd & 3rd - [[http://doodle.com/nz4tnbdcxa3445gn][Doodle Poll Results]]

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues

---+++ AOB
-- Main.JenniferNahn - 13 Jun 2011
CouncilInDocuments



   * [[%ATTACHURL%/ED_For_Council.pptx][ED_For_Council.pptx]]: ED_For_Council.pptx

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Outline_-_OSG_NSF_2011_Annual_Report.pdf" attachment="Outline_-_OSG_NSF_2011_Annual_Report.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1308063272" path="Outline - OSG NSF 2011 Annual Report.pdf" size="125728" stream="Outline - OSG NSF 2011 Annual Report.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp42004" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="ED_For_Council.pptx" attachment="ED_For_Council.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1308069328" path="ED For Council.pptx" size="1272874" stream="ED For Council.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp33107" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
