%META:TOPICINFO{author="KentBlackburn" date="1213123021" format="1.1" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: June 10th, 2008
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time
   * Attending: Rob Quick (OSG Operations), Lothar Bauerdick (US CMS), Joel Snow (DZero), Jim Shank (US ATLAS S&C), Brad Abbott (DZero), Ann Chervenak (ISI), Paul Avery (co-Chair), Kent Blackburn (co-Chair)

---++ Agenda/Minutes

---+++ Status from the OSG Executive Director
ExecutiveDirectorStatus

---++++ Year 3 Planning Inputs Needed from Science Stakeholders/Council Members
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Council/ExecutiveDirectorStatus#Planning_for_Year_3][Year 3 planning]]

---++++ Metrics Sent to JOT  - LHC Usage Thumbnails and OSG Contributions to Software Development

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/MeasurementsAndMetrics/MonthlyMetrictoJot][Link to __Reports sent to the Joint Oversight Team__ ]]

<font color = blue>
minutes:

Kent briefly touched on some of the content provided in advance (Ruth didn't call in until later and Chander was not able to attend). Ruth later requested that stakeholders provide capacity needs as soon as possible for year 3 planning. It would be great if VOs could review and do so now to avoid serialization and delays tracking down info.

</font>

---+++ Request from D0 for More Local Storage/Storage Element Allocation (Joel Snow / Brad Abbott)

DO Weekly Reporting to OSG Accounting: [[D0-Report-June-02-2008][Sample]]

<font color = blue>
minutes:

Joel Snow went through the slides, noting that DZero relies on the OSG for Monte Carlo calculations. They have been able to process about 3.4 million events per week in the past. A good goal for the next year would be to get to 5 million events per week. Efficiency is one of the biggest issues being seen. DZero has met with OSG to discuss this. They are trying to track down the problems and have instituted a collection system of job status with the intent to diagnose issues. They have seen that when using local storage, they see roughly see a doubling in the overall efficiency (see the slides). Would like to identitfy additional OSG sites that have local storage sufficient for there needs - about 300GB.

Jim Shank asked if 300 GB was all that was required, to which Joel responded that there was variation up to about 1TB, but 300 GB was typical. This was seen by Jim to be modist in size. Jim reported that ATLAS was in the midst of a serious disk storage issue world wide but he felt ATLAS could help. 

Paul Avery asked what was the average running thime to which Joel responded that it was about 12 hours. Paul commented that he had seen reports of jobs taking much longer that that at Florida. This may be due to data transfer times but Paul will ask for more details at Florida.

Kent Blackburn asked what was the mechanism that DZero was using to identify sites to run on, to which Joel answered that regarding CEs it was mostly through trial and error. The SAM Grid team was also helping to identify sites with local storage. Kent asked if an email to the council asking any VO interested in helping DZero to use local storage on sites would help and it was generally agreed that this would be a good starting point.

*ACTION ITEM:* Kent will email council requesting VOs interested in facilitating DZero with local storage contact Joel and Brad.

</font>

---+++ Planning for next meeting with OSG Science Advisory Group

<font color = blue>
minutes:

Paul reported that there are currently 4 members on the SAG. Plans are to have a teleconference call with them prior to our next OSG Council Face-to-Face meeting, which is August 5th. This would give us a chance to follow-up with them on their recommendations from last year.

</font>

---+++ Agency Report from OSG Review

OSG Executive Team [[Jan-2008-Agency-Review][Summary of Reviewer Comments]]

<font color = blue>
minutes:

Kent read through each bullet in the summary from the review. Paul noted that these capture the tone of the review, but that an official report from the agencies had not yet been delivered to the OSG.


</font>

---+++ Status of Planning for next OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting

<font color = blue>
minutes:

Next Council Face-to-Face meeting will be at the Westin Hotel near the O'Hare airport on August 5th. Arrangements are being made for a conference room with audio teleconferencing, and investigating what other options are available. The meeting will last the full day. Once more details are known, an email will be sent to the council list.

</font>

---+++ Status of Planning for next OSG All-Hands Meeting

<font color = blue>
minutes:

LIGO's Livingston Observatory (LLO) will host the next OSG All-Hands meeting. It will be the week of March 2nd, avoiding Marti Gras. Kent has communicated with LLO on preliminary organizational arrangements. Details will come out when the All-Hands Organizing Committee is formed and begins meeting in the fall of 2008.

</font>

---+++ Other Meetings on the Horizon

---++++ SciDAC 2008, July 13th - July 17th, Seattle WA; Other Meetings(?) 

<font color = blue>
minutes:

Ruth reported in an email to ET the following plans:

a. Frank has been asked to give a talk in the plenary session

b. OSG will  have a poster in the poster session

c. Engagement is giving  tutorial on the last day.

d. Meeting arranged by ASCR between CEPDS, ESG, OSG about collaboration

e. ... things I don't know about.. 

f. Ann Chervenak will be attending.

No other meetings were discussed or mentioned.

</font>

---+++ Brief Status Report from At-Large VO Representation Subcommittee

<font color = blue>
minutes:

Kent reported that Shaowen Wang was chairing the subcommittee. The subcommittee has held several meetings and is now in the process of interviewing individuals from VOs which do not have direct representation on the council. At present 3 or 4 VOs have been interviewed and the next round of interviews will be in the next couple of weeks. The plan is to have a formal report in place in time for the Council Face-to-Face on August 5th.

</font>

---+++ Brief Status Report from OSC Council Organization Evaluation Subcommittee

<font color = blue>
minutes:

No report of substance - Kent has been too busy to act on this.

</font>

---+++ Round-Table VO Reports and Issues - Ongoing Goals/Milestones

<font color = blue>
minutes:

*LIGO (Kent reported on Patrick Brady's behalf):* LIGO is using OSG to run Einstei@Home (BOINC application similar to SETI@HOME) on the OSG and German DGRID. Grids are now the largest contributers to this analysis. LIGO has successfully run at about 4 OSG sites with BNL being the biggest contributor since January. This application currently depends on WS-GRAM interface on the sites and LIGO would like to be able to run on more sites in the future.

*CMS Lothar:* CMS has been running its Combined Computing Readiness Challenge along side ATLAS. This has mostly been using CMS sites on the OSG. Workflow system is doing very well with individual users able to submit in excess of 10,000 jobs.

*ATLAS Jim:* ATLAS also finishing up it CCRC exercise. OSG has performed very well. ATLAS will be runing a large simulation at 10Tev over the next few months which will dominate usage on most ATLAS sites in preparation for data. In order to address disk storage shortage, centers are being asked to archive older data to tape which should clear up enough disk space for the time being.

*DZero Joel & Brad:* DZero has had complaints from some sites about their sending lots of jobs to smaller sites. They are using information provided by ReSS and don't know why this is the case - may need ReSS developer attention. Rob Quick recommended that a Ticket be opened with the GOC and they would bring the right teams together.

*ISI Ann:* Globus 4.2 will be released in the next week or so. They are aware that OSG currently doesn't have plans to use 4.2, but they encourage OSG to consider it. Globus 4.2 has lots of new features and bug fixes. Globus will also be meeting with LIGO tomorrow (June 11th) to discuss Web Services needs.

</font>

---+++ AOB

<font color = blue>
minutes:

*Ruth reminded VOs to review her materials and provide inputs for year 3 planning.*

</font>



-- Main.KentBlackburn - 13 May 2008

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="D0RequesttoCouncil.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="DZero Request to Council" date="1213042814" path="D0RequesttoCouncil.ppt" size="665088" user="Main.JoelSnow" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="MC_jobs_eff.png" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Impact on success rate of local storage element for D0" date="1213042485" path="MC_jobs_eff.png" size="456732" user="Main.KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
