%META:TOPICINFO{author="KentBlackburn" date="1244580003" format="1.1" reprev="1.7" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: Tuesday June 9th, 2009 
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending: *Kent Blackburn, Paul Avery, Chander Sehgal, Dick Greenwood, Lothar Bauerdick, Piotr Sliz, Ruth Pordes, Brad Abbott, Richard Mount, Jerome Lauret*
   * Regrets: *Bill Johnston, Michael Ernst, Shaowen Wang*

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Kent noted that in the future this segment of the meeting will include contributions from other members of the Executive Team to allow the council to get a richer perspective of the OSG inner workings.  

Ruth provided a link to the Executive Director's Report: [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/EDReport-June-09-2009][ED report]] Everyone is encouraged to read this.

Ruth will be calling members of the council to discuss planning for the future of OSG over the next couple of weeks. The original planning schedule is being delayed by a couple of weeks. Ruth reported on a couple of satellite proposals that have actually been funded. One went to the NSF/OCI to provide funds for students associated with OSG to attend the International Grid Summer School being held in France this year. Proposal went in through LSU and is in collaboration with TeraGrid. $35K was awarded. Sending 10 students, some funded by OSG base funds and most funded by this award. A meeting using Adobe Connect is scheduled for this Thursday with the students and a followup will be planned for after the school with the students. Second was in collaboration with LBNL and FNAL for a storage testbed with a significant amount of hardware on a 100 GB network that ESnet and Internet2 will be providing with ARRA funds. Requested 4 FTEs for 3 years to do testing, performance, scalability frameworks, but received award for just 2 FTEs and no hardware. The 2 FTEs will be at UW and UCSD and were requested to be postdocs by DOE. A modified program of work has been posted to reflect the reduced scope in funding.

In addition, two other satellite proposals have been submitted to the NSF/STCI. One is following up on the suggestion from the face-to-face council meeting, called "adopt a tightly coupled commodity cluster", which talks about hardware installed at existing OSG sites allowing small MPI jobs to be run. It is mostly hardware with a bit of effort. The second is a collaboration between glideinWMS and Pegasus to support scientific workflows.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report for Pending Action Items

 %GREEN%

*ACTION ITEM 1:* Ruth and Sebastien, wearing their executive team hats will follow up with Jerome on about  next steps in terms of:
   i. finding a volunteer site to test the support of an hypervisor  on a large scale. 
   i. running the STAR MC under the Condor VM technologies on an existing OSG site. 
   i. investigating an OSG allocation on Amazon which people can use to test.

*ACTION ITEM 2:* Collective VO Self-Organization and Identification of Second Representative - Shaowen.

*ACTION ITEM 3:* Council Sign-Up for August Face-to-Face Doodle Poll at [[http://www.doodle.com/es2c5xk2d5rk9gti][Link]].

%ENDCOLOR%

%BLUE% *minutes:*

ACTION ITEM 1: Sebastien took the action and held a phone meeting with Jerome and Chander roughly two weeks ago. There is traction on both defining the volunteer site and on running the STAR MC. Chander has quite a bit of work to do to investigate the Amazon allocation. BNL will be the first site to deploy hypervisors. Glow and Clemson will provide condor VM technologies. Jerome came on the call later and commented that this was a good meeting. There is no timeline for this.

ACTION ITEM 2: Shaowen, Kent and Paul have been exchanging emails on this. Kent has proposed that this be presented at the face-to-face meeting in August with the intent being to provide candidates for the second representation position.

ACTION ITEM 3: Kent reminded council to fill out the Doodle Poll. Chander is working with an estimate of 12 over night rooms. Progress on selecting a hotel has been made and an announcement will be sent out as soon as it is official.

No other outstanding action items were identified during the call. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ NSF Annual Report: Need Science Inputs from Stakeholders to Paul Avery

   * Reference: [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_2008_Annunal_Report_FastLane_all.pdf][2008 OSG NSF Annual Report]] also see [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=770][DocDB Location]]

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Chander and Paul have taken the lead on this. Paul sent out an email to science groups last night requesting inputs. The email had a template which is very easy to fill out. People have been asked to provide information by Thursday of this week (June 11th). Chander plans to use next week to edit, merge and clean up. The PIs will then review, and the plan is to submit by June 26th. The NSF deadline is the 30th. The NSF reporting system only supports plan text but people should feel free to include figures and graphs as this goes out to various people as word documents and is very useful. The word document will also include the 3 page overview of OSG. It is also good to include numbers for usage, etc. Identified that Piotr was not included in the original email and it would be good to showcase SBGRID. The email was forwarded during the meeting. Chander is collecting area coordinator and operations inputs. These will be merged before subsequent review by PIs. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Keynote/Plenary Talk at TG09 Conference by Paul Avery

%BLUE% *minutes:*

John Townes invited Paul to give one of three keynote talks sometime around early April. The keynote talk will be 45 minutes of talk with 10 minutes of question and answer. This is a great opportunity to showcase OSG and to also show our involvement with TeraGrid. Ruth will work with Paul on preparing this talk. Paul asked that if anyone has interesting slides at the level of a keynote talk, please share. Ed Seidel will give one of the other two keynote talks. 

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Future Planning for the OSG: Solicit Guidance on key directions for future from OSG Council

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues - Ongoing Goals/Milestones

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%


-- Main.KentBlackburn - 14 May 2009


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_2008_Annunal_Report_FastLane_all.pdf" attachment="OSG_2008_Annunal_Report_FastLane_all.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG 2008 Annual Report to NSF as extracted from FastLane" date="1243889065" path="OSG 2008 Annunal Report FastLane all.pdf" size="2730160" stream="OSG 2008 Annunal Report FastLane all.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp382" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
