%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1363208411" format="1.1" reprev="1.16" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++ Special Council Session Tuesday March 12th 12.15 pm  - 1.15 pm Indiana time, IT407 
   * Logistics: projector,  conference table,  food allowed. Visitor access badges needed.
   * Teleconference phone number: 1-866.740.1260  Access code: 8403921#
   * Application from Notre Dame to join the OSG Council -  Jarek Nabrzyski, Director of Notre Dame's Center for Research Computing (Sponsors: Miron Livny, Ruth Pordes) - [[%ATTACHURL%/JarekOSG-March2013.pdf][slides]]

---++!! Council Face-to-Face, March 14th 1 pm - March 15th 12 pm.
---+++ Logistics

   * Location: Indiana University- Purdue University Indianapolis, Informatics and Communications Technology Complex (ICTC), room IT 407 (This is the same building other AHM events will be held at, however, the meeting room is in a secure area- you can *check in on the 5th floor to receive an access badge*.
   * Date/Time: Thursday, March 14 from 1pm-5pm  and Friday, March 15 from 8 a.m.- noon 
   * Teleconference phone number: 1-866.740.1260 
   * Access code: 8403921



---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: 
   * Regrets-notification given: Bill Barnett, Greg Bell, Amber Boehnlein, Michael Ernst, Jerome Lauret, Jim Shank, Rick Snider
   * Regrets: 
---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/February-12-2013][February Teleconference]]

---++ March 14th
---+++ Officers Reports:
   * 1pm.....Council Chair Report and Q&A Session -  Ruth Pordes

   * 1.30 pm.....Executive Director  Report  - Lothar Bauerdick
      * Transition in the OSG Software area.
      * Status of the new Networking area.
      * XSEDE Service Provider Forum report - Miron Livny
      * Summary of Year 1 of  OSG project, budget summary, state of planning for Year 2 of OSG project
      * Collection of questions from Council members for future reports.

---+++  Special orders 
   * 2.30 pm.....PKI Transition Project Report - Von Welch
   * 2.50 pm.....XSIM Satellite - Von Welch
   * 3:10 pm.....SBGrid - Piotr Sliz
   * 3:20 pm...NEES  - Tom Hacker

  
3.30 pm.....BREAK     
      
---+++ Council Sub-Committee Reports.
   * 3.45 pm.....OSG Sustainability after 5 years - Miron Livny, Jim Shank, Ian Fisk, Ruth Pordes
      * [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf][OSG Sustainability]]
   * 4.15 pm.....OSG Council Structure - Amber Boehnlein, Vicky White, Ruth Pordes
      * revised [[%ATTACHURL%/By-Laws-2013.pdf][Bylaws]]
   * 4.45 pm.....OSG and Industry -  David Swanson, Piotr Sliz, Ken Bloom, Ruth Pordes
      * [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.pdf][OSGs Relationship with Industry]]
      * Pending is a [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/March-14-2013/OSG_use_by_Commercial_Entities_v2.docx][proposed change]] to the "guidelines for engaging with Commercial Organizations". The proposed changes are under consideration by the Executive Team over the next few months.
   * Acceptance of the Sub-committee reports and next steps
 
   * 5:00 pm...

6:00 pm.... COUNCIL DINNER: [[http://www.palomino.com/][Palomino restaurant]]

---++March 15th

---+++ Special orders 
   * 8.30 am.....Resources - discuss policy for resource usage by members, users, non-members;  how to find additional resource contributors. (Action item 95).

---+++ Council Member Visions
Each member is asked to present their  the following topics covering the next few years of their thinking:
   * Why OSG is important to me 
   * How I plan to help the Campus Program
   * What I want/plan to do over the next two years to lead - ensuring the success of the OSG
   * OSG evangelization/ambassador efforts
   * What staff I am contributing and would like to contribute to the OSG activities

9.00 am.....IU - Rob Quick (Alternate for Bill Barnett)

9.10 am.....UNL - David Swanson

9.20 am.....CONDOR/GLOW  - Miron Livny

9.30 am.....DOSAR  - Horst Severini

9.40 am.....UFI  - Paul Avery

9.50 am...ATLAS - Rob Gardner (Alternate for Jim Shank, Michael Ernst)

10.10 am...Fermilab  - Vicky White

10.20 am...RUN II - Brad Abbott 

10.30 am...STAR  - Jerome Lauret (by phone)
 
10.40 am......SLAC - Steffen Luitz (Alternate for Amber Boehnlein)

10.50 am......CMS - Ken Bloom (by phone)

---+++   Unfinished business.
   * 11.00 am....Action items, plans, wrap up
      * Semi-annual face to face in August/September
      * Next years AHM. Request from STAR to have this later in the year. Are there other ideas?


---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: April 9, 2013 (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)

---+++ Adjournment
   * 12 pm


-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 29 Jan 2013




   * [[%ATTACHURL%/JarekOSG-March2013.pptx][JarekOSG-March2013.pptx]]: JarekOSG-March2013.pptx

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/NEES_3_12_2013.pptx][NEES_3_12_2013.pptx]]: NEES_3_12_2013.pptx

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf][OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf]]: OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="By-Laws-2013.pdf" attachment="By-Laws-2013.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1362797572" path="By-Laws-2013.pdf" size="200871" stream="By-Laws-2013.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp19924" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.pdf" attachment="OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1362797756" path="OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.pdf" size="78545" stream="OSGs_Relationships_with_Industry.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp19865" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_use_by_Commercial_Entities_v2.docx" attachment="OSG_use_by_Commercial_Entities_v2.docx" attr="" comment="" date="1362797863" path="OSG use by Commercial Entities v2.docx" size="26330" stream="OSG use by Commercial Entities v2.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp19926" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf" attachment="OSG_Sustainability_V2.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1363208411" path="OSG Sustainability V2.pdf" size="65766" stream="OSG Sustainability V2.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8150" user="RuthPordes" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="JarekOSG-March2013.pdf" attachment="JarekOSG-March2013.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1362849377" path="JarekOSG-March2013.pdf" size="6669202" stream="JarekOSG-March2013.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp20192" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="JarekOSG-March2013.pptx" attachment="JarekOSG-March2013.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1362849511" path="JarekOSG-March2013.pptx" size="7186139" stream="JarekOSG-March2013.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp20151" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="NEES_3_12_2013.pptx" attachment="NEES_3_12_2013.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1363208288" path="NEES_3_12_2013.pptx" size="125351" stream="NEES_3_12_2013.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8165" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
