%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1257869038" format="1.1" version="1.11"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: Tuesday November 10th, 2009 
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending: *Kent Blackburn, ...*
   * Regrets: *Horst Severini, Michael Ernst, Jerome Lauret, ...*

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   * Horst Severini; New DOSAR Representative (permanent)
   * Ann Chervenak stepping down as OSG Council Representative to GLOBUS Alliance.
   * FNAL will host the next OSG All-Hands Meeting, March 8th - 10th 2009: [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2871][calendar]]
   * OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting Thursday, March 11th 2009 at FNAL (day after All-Hands Meeting)
   * SC09, Nov 14th - 20th, Portland Oregon.
      * Who is attending? What common OSG themes will exist in exhibits and presentations?

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * Rob Gardner: Report on the Grid Colombia workshop (If Rob is able to call in)
      * Council for endorsement of Rob and Jose submitting a small PASI proposal for next year.

   * Ruth: OSG Executive Director Report

   * Chander:   [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_PjM_Report_10Nov09.pdf][Report from OSG Project Manager]]
      * Year3 wrap-up
      * Year4 SOW status
      * Year4 CMS, ATLAS, LIGO work requests
      * Year4 WBS status and plans
      * What is the OSG perspective in commiting compute hours for access by the TeraGrid allocations process; opportunistic only ?  opportunistic with some minimum ?  etc.  Need discussion and input from Council members to help me represent OSG at the TG Allocations Meeting in San Diego on Dec 2,3.

   * Jim Weichel: Documentation Project & VOSS Workshop at Caltech in Feb'10
      A. Documentation Alignment - Documentation.DocumentationTeam.WebHome
         1 Documentation Goals
            a. Establish ownership, policies, and processes for documentation 
            a. Implement standards and technology to support documentation processes (annotation, document rating, standards, templates)
            a. Improve organization, searching, and role specific views
            a. Evolve documents to meet standards
            a. Provide T3 documentation
         1 Current Status
            a. Documentation.DocumentationTeam.DocProcess definition (draft), Documentation.DocumentationTeam.OwnerResponsibilities, Documentation.DocumentationTeam.ReviewerResponsibilities, Documentation.DocumentationTeam.TesterResponsibilities
            a. Produced Documentation.DocumentationTeam.InstallDocContentRequirements and template for Documentation.DocumentationTeam.InstallDocContent and Install document for ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone
            a. Testing various TWiki plugins (on a test TWiki instance)  
            a. Working on structure for documentation (plan - model after high level architecture of OSG software)
         1 Next Steps
            a. Verify process integrates with current ITB and release processes
            a. Make improvement in storage documentation
            a. Set up TWiki to automatically track and manage documentation
      A. VOSS Workshop (February 15-16 at Caltech)
         1 Summary of Project findings (!SBGrid, STAR, LIGO, Engage, !IceCube)
         1 VO Discussion on their software development and challenges
         1 Identify actions to improve functionality of software ecosystems

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * Summary/Status of the !ExTENCI Proposal

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report for Pending Action Items (see [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][List]])

   1. Promote the appointment of “Collective VO” representatives: *COMPLETED*
   1. Review current organizational structure for the OSG Council: *COMPLETED*
   1. Develop capability to measure the science domains being served by OSG resources: *COMPLETED - SEE ITEM 12*
   1. Evaluate concept of placing small scale parallel (MPI) clusters some OSG sites: *Owned by OSG Executive Team*
   1. Develop a plan to support virtual machine user/apps: *Owned by Jerome Lauret, Ruth Pordes, Sebastien Goasguen*
   1. Bring Area Coordinator Reporting to the monthly Council telecons: *Owned by Kent, Paul, Members of Executive Board*
   1. Evaluate how best to stagger Executive Director Term to account for current overlap with Council Co-Chairs and provide continuity: *Owned by Kent, Paul, Richard Mount*
   1. Evaluate how best to stagger Council Chair(s) Term(s) to account for current overlap with Executive Director and provide continuity: *Owned by Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz
   1. Evaluate how best to establish and exercise Science Advisory Group (SAG): *Owned by Ruth Pordes, Scott McCauley?, Jerome Lauret, Piotr Sliz*
   1. Establish a subcommittee of the Open Science Grid (Executive Board) to determine how to migrate effort from core activities to provide support and architecture for the long term: *COUNCIL RECOMMENDATIONS DELIVERED TO OSG EB*
   1. Evaluate risks associated with the authentication and authorization systems: *Owned by Bill Johnston*
   1. Inform and iterate with the OSG VO Liaisons regarding the collection of science domain metrics. Work with VOs to accurately define their science domain areas for the purpose of these metrics: *Owned by Scott !McCauley*

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues:

   * Ongoing Goals/Milestones 
   * Planning for the Future

%BLUE% *minutes:*

Going around the table:

DOSAR: (via email from Horst) Not too much new other than the GridUNESP updates I've been giving at the weekly Forum meetings. They're making progress with their OSG installation, but are currently very busy in preparation for their participation in  the SC09 bandwidth challenge.

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

-- Main.KentBlackburn - 03 Nov 2009



%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_PjM_Report_10Nov09.pdf" attachment="OSG_PjM_Report_10Nov09.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1257868142" path="OSG PjM Report 10Nov09.pdf" size="42807" stream="OSG PjM Report 10Nov09.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp20841" user="ChanderSehgal" version="2"}%
