%META:TOPICINFO{author="KimberlyMyles" date="1349880839" format="1.1" version="1.19"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

---+++ Logistics

   * Adobe Connect http://osg.adobeconnect.com/council/
      * Login: Add your name in the "Enter as a Guest" field and click "enter room".     
      * Connect Audio: Click the microphone icon in the application bar; select the "Use my computer" option and click "Connect" to run audio through your desktop/laptop.
      * Share Webcam: Click the webcam icon in the application bar to set your preferences and share.
      * Chat: send a message to everyone by adding content to the chat box. To send a private message, from the options menu select an individual or group and click "Start Chat With".
      * For more information: [[https://seminars.adobeconnect.com/_a227210/vqs-participants/][Adobe Connect Quick Start Guide]]
   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 8403921
   * Date: Tuesday, October 9, 2012
   * Time: 10 AM Pacific Time, 11 AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 

* Goal to have <=30mins business and =>30 mins discussion.
   * [[http://www.robertsrules.org/rulesintroprint.htm][Roberts Rules of Order]]    

  
---+++ Call to order:
   * Attending: Ruth Pordes, Rick Snider, Gabriele Garzoglio, Bill Barnett, Paul Avery, Jerome Lauret, David Swanson, Lothar Bauerdick, Vicky White, Tom Hacker, David Swanson, Chander Sehgal, Michael Ernst, Ken Bloom, Piotr Sliz,Greg Bell
   * Regrets: Bob Clare, Miron Livny, Horst Severini,  Steve Tuecke, Amber Boehnlein, Brad Abbott, Jim Shank  
---+++ *Reading/Acceptance of Minutes of Last Meeting*
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Council/September-11-2012][September Teleconference]]

---+++ Officers Reports:
   * Council Chair -  
      * Impressions from [[http://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward.do?AwardNumber=1249541][Planning Workshop to Scale Condominium Cluster Model to Condo of Condos]] - Report - David Swanson
      * Status of [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/CouncilActionItems][Action Items]]  - Ruth Pordes
         * Completed in last month:
            * 81. Subcommittee #1 charge accepted in Sept.
            * 80. Stakeholder request system info posted for todays meeting.
            * 79.  [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/OSGSatelliteProjects][Satellite Reports Schedule]] 
            * 78. Process in place. No specific ED report today.
            * 77.  Von's report later this meeting.
            * 64. [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0011/001140/001/Lark_proposal_scrubbed%5B1%5D.pdf][Lark proposal posted in Docdb #1140]].
      * Noting open items with blue number.. any questions? (Can take questions in email or chat)
         

     
   

   * Executive Director - Report  - Lothar Bauerdick
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pptx][Stakeholder Request System]] -  Lothar/ Gabriele Garzoglio
         * Note: A JIRA account is not required. If a GOC ticket  is opened, a JIRA ticket is opened on behalf of the requestor.
         * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUEST][Live Link]] to Stakeholder Request System
      * Search for a Software Area Coordinator:
         * An Executive Team committee is looking at responsibilities, functions for this role.
         * Role will replace Tim Cartwright, current acting Software Area Coordinator.
      * OSG Campus Infrastructures Community Workshop announcement: to be held 14-15 November, University of California at Santa Cruz. 
         * This is an important meeting for the program of work. 
         * Encourage all Council members to send a representative from their organization. https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=5927 

---+++  Special orders --- Important business previously designated for consideration at this meeting.
   * OSG as an XSEDE SP 
      * Applied to be a Level 2 service provider in XSEDE project
      * SP Forum - Miron Livny
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_on_9oct2012.pdf][XSEDE Usage Update as of Oct 9, 2012]] - Chander Sehgal
      * Representation on the XSEDE User Advisory Body - Frank. I have attended one XSEDE User advisory meeting. It was a useful experience to better understand the issues XSEDE, and its users, faces,  as well as how XSEDE operates. It's also allowing me to learn about their culture.
      * Other 
   * PKI update - Von Welch
      * Current status – transition phase
         * Started transition phase as of Oct 1 -To complete by Feb 2013. Goals:
            * Establish RAs for all OSG VOs and Grid Admins for all OSG domains by mid-December
            * All users able and encouraged to use OSG PKI by mid-January 2013
      * Current activities
         * Training and Enrolling RAs and Grid Admins – Working out process kinks
         * Software improvements/fixes/packaging -Discovering features we need, Uncovering bugs, Usability tweaks.  Command-line client RPM
         * Documentation and preparing for end users
      * Planned activities for transition phase
         * Presenting Contingency Plan to WLCG Management Board for comment on Oct 16th
         * Dry-runs of audit procedures, contingency procedures
         * Working closely with Ops team to transition support
         * Complete in progress transition command-line clients to SW team
      * Reminder for info:
         * Public page: -https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/OSGCATransition2012
         * Training sessions: -https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/OSGPKITraining
         * Weekly call info and notes: - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGPKITransitionCallNotes
   * OSG Communications - Ruth - (written report only)
      *  Revised [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=1137;filename=OSG%20Consortium%20Communications%20Plan.docx;version=1OSG][OSG Communications Plan]] posted. Please review this and send comments. Working with Project Office and IU  to add/link to processes for Research Highlights, interface to iSGTW etc. Have initial list of communications contacts at the staff organizations and will be approaching them. Would like to add contacts at other Council member organizations (e.g. already added Lauren Rotman at ESNet). 
      * Over next month will revisit design, goals of  [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org][OSG Home page]]. Could a member of the Council volunteer to act as the Customer?
   * Other VOs and Issues gathered: 

---+++ Committee reports.
   * Review  SubCommittee #2 OSG and Industry [[https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/SC-IND][Charter]] - Action item for Council members to address before October 19th
      *  Council members to supply suggestions regarding the Proposed Charter for Subcommittee on OSG and Industry by October 19th: https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/SC-IND 
      *  Council Chair to send out a poll for the Council to vote on whether to accept the revised Proposed Charter for Second Subcommittee by October 24th. 
   * Status of other sub-committees 
      * OSG Council structure, representation, adoption of SAG activities subcommittee - (written report only)
         * Second phone meeting with Vicky and Amber. Plan for face-to-face work later in October.
      * OSG Sustainability after 5 years sub-committee - (written report only)
         * First phone meeting with Jim, Ian, Miron. Plan to have charter for review in November Council meeting. Looks like will propose to make a list of "2020 papers" like the computer science research one. 

---+++   Unfinished business.
---+++   New business.
---+++   Announcements.
   * Date of next meeting: November 13, 2012     (Please send any agenda items you may have to kmyles@fnal.gov)
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=5927][Campus Infrastructure Community meeting]]: November 13-14, 2012
   * Annual OSG All Hands meeting: March 11-13, Indiana University

---+++ Adjournment.


---+++ Resulting (new/updated) Action Items:  
   * Council members to supply suggestions regarding the Proposed Charter for Subcommittee On OSG and Industry by October 19th: https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/SC-IND
   * Council Chair to send out a poll for the Council to vote on whether to accept the revised Proposed Charter for Second Subcommittee by October 24th.
   * Executive Director to report on OSG opportunistic use at November 13th Council meeting.

-- Main.KimberlyMyles - 01 Oct 2012



%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.0.pptx" attachment="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.0.pptx" attr="h" comment="" date="1349371833" path="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.0.pptx" size="308707" stream="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.0.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56788" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pptx" attachment="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1349380824" path="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pptx" size="300949" stream="Stakeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp10881" user="KimberlyMyles" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_on_9oct2012.pdf" attachment="OSG_as_XSEDE_SP_Report_on_9oct2012.pdf" attr="" comment="OSG as XSEDE SP - update - Oct 9, 2012" date="1349798348" path="OSG as XSEDE SP Report on 9oct2012.pdf" size="111341" stream="OSG as XSEDE SP Report on 9oct2012.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp16573" user="ChanderSehgal" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Stekeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pdf" attachment="Stekeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1349801673" path="Stekeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pdf" size="575641" stream="Stekeholder-Request-System-Oct9-2012-v1.1.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp20506" user="GabrieleGarzoglio" version="1"}%
