%META:TOPICINFO{author="JenniferNahn" date="1315411955" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-866.740.1260 (ReadyTalk)
   * Access Code: 3929264
   * Date: Tuesday September 13, 2011
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
  
   * Acceptance of last month's minutes from August Face to Face

   * Attending: 
   * Regrets:  

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   *  
---+++ Action Item Follow-up from August Meeting

RP ACTION ITEM: Find where Council is mentioned in OSG documents:
   * Charter (needs revisiting)- no mention     
   * Bylaws, blueprint 1st paragraph- echoes bylaws/cooperative agreement.
   * Management plan, language re: executive team/board but NO MENTION of council
   * Is text appropriate for what we want for next year or two? 

Action Items from Executive Director report:
   * Find effort within project to pay attention to requirements and gather them. How do OSG sites get involved?
   * Action: Talk to group and have them talk to Jim Basney.
   * Future Action: Implementing Bestman and Bestman II. (Task for FY12) Issue to come before council, commitment from OSG to have sustaining support/ work w/ communities that use.
   * If something is missing from the “Goals to be prioritized in January” slide (4.2), let Alain know.
   * At Site Administrators meeting in Texas next week, Alan will train people on how to do testing. RP wants representation from all communities there, if possible (See slide 28). If missing a community, tell RP.  

Action Items from Technical Director report in August:
   * Blueprint of OSG- Council to read. 
   * Council to send Miron feedback re: extent council is prepared to guide, direct? 
   * Council to help in talking with sponsor, writing of proposal, outline how to talk to agencies?
   * Future council meeting: poll VOs if they want to be a prototype tester (follow from NEES archiving model)

Action from ESnet proposal:  OSG to follow up on proposal, make an assessment on usefulness of this performance working group and how OSG will interact-LBNL 

Action from Talking to Sponsors:
   * US LHC JOG meeting in October- ATLAS/CMS, suggest that OSG is on the agenda.  Make sure they understand how Tier 3’s contribute to physics output. (Bob, Nick, have this discussion with the program Manager)
   * Discussion w/ Executive team need for consortium members to help- US LHC Council members to follow up with funding agent, get participating institutions to contact agencies. Run 2 experiments to speak to spokespeople. Reach out to DOE, other members of council, encourage giving talks on your campus etc. 
   * CDF and DZero go to Spoke’s, what would they say? Write something up with bullet points for each experiment (Refer to run 2 assessment document written last year defining dependency on OSG. Include chart with effort profile submitted to DOE/NSF i.e. Mass apply as major stakeholder to NIH?

Action re: XSEDE
   * Executive Director to Present to council, executive team, other components of XD- learn more about other parts.
   * Miron to talk to Craig Stewart about Campus Bridging activity.
   * Contnue discussion re: allocating resource with main resource providers within OSG. MIRON: Engage hard discussion, effort, goals, priority given to major funding sources, stakeholders, broadening our participation and value (executive team)

Action re: WLCG
   * Ruth to draft letter, giving OSG comments, names of 4 OSG members to assign to working groups, discussion of this item and have a conclusion in a couple of days. (Individuals to be proposed/ coordinated at Executive team meetings) 
   * Ruth- Decide how we communicate/ coordinate participation in this workshop/committee. Discuss at Executive team meeting 10.30 am on Thurs. 
   * Future action item- face to face in a couple of months- Executive team discussion, bring council in?

Action re: Exchanges with Americas
   * Jose/Horst to create wiki page with checklist of what people would need i.e. local travel funding, guidelines on what to expect, checklist of details

Action re: Strategic Plan
   * RP to define audience within Document. Critical review/ feedback from each council member due to Ruth by Aug. 17. Ruth to post revised document Aug. 31 in advance of next Council meeting (Add to AGENDA)

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others
   * 

%BLUE% *minutes*

%ENDCOLOR%

---++++Action:  

  

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * 

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues
 
%BLUE% *minutes*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB
   * 


-- Main.JenniferNahn - 06 Sep 2011
