%META:TOPICINFO{author="KentBlackburn" date="1284478665" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++!! OSG Council Monthly Teleconference

   * Teleconference Phone Number: 1-510-665-5437 
   * Meeting ID: 1111 
   * Date: Tuesday September 14th, 2010
   * Time: 10:00 AM Pacific Time, 11AM Mountain, Noon Central, 1PM Eastern 
   * Attending:  
   * Regrets: Michael Ernst, Scott McCaulay, David Swanson, Bill Johnston, Tom Hacker, James(Barr) von Oehsen

---++ *Agenda/Minutes*

---+++ Announcements

   * 

---+++ Status Report from the OSG Executive Director, OSG Project Manager and/or Others

   * OSG Executive Director Summary (Ruth)

<i>

   * Since the Council face to face in August we have had a task forces working on :
      * Improving the throughput and usability of the LIGO Binary Inspiral applications
      * The Engage VO is  running  simulated 1 night of data collection for LSST. This consists of 500 pairs of focal plane images = 1000 images,  200,000 simulation jobs (1 chip at a time) and 1000 merging jobs.  OSG@FNAL is currently working with Purdue University LLST people (Ian Shipsey) to  simulate 1 night of data collection for LSST. This consists of 500 pairs of focal plane images = 1000 images,  200,000 simulation jobs (1 chip at a time) and 1000 merging jobs.  

   * The total throughput of OSG has reached new values due to the increase in usage by several non-physics VOs as well as the ramp up of LHC simulations and analysis.  The technical work has started that is  needed  to report ALICE USA accounting and reliability information through OSG to the WLCG. We are working with the WLCG to address issues of instability of the information services (BDII) at the CERN/WLCG side.

     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/vo_bar_smry.png" alt="vo_bar_smry.png" width='400' height='250' />    

   * Working on submission of 1 year extension of OSG for HEP and NP offices by the end of October. Because of this unknown we are currently only writing Statements of Work for 6 months rather than the usual 12. We hope to more before the end of the year.  We are still not sure of the actual profile that OHEP are looking for here. 
 
   * Dan and MIron have submitted the  high throughput parallel computing OSG Satellite annual report to NSF. Several new applications are now running through OSG on several sites using MPI libraries transported with the applications to the executive nodes.  [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=980&version=1&filename=HTPCAnnualReport2010%20-%20final.pdf]]

   * OSG -TG: OSG will be  contributing 0.1 FTE of  Jim Weichel as project management effort for Extenci. We are expending effort in ensuring that the applications from the University of Chicago can be well supported  on OSG. Chander attended the August TeraGrid quarterly meeting. He is starting to work with Tim Cockerall, the TeraGrid project manager, on regular reporting of our collaborative projects. 

   * The Software Institute to provide input to the NSF for their S2I2 program was attended by over 40 projects covering application communities relying on distributed computing, software provider communities, integration projects and “expert witnesses” from NSF, the Executive Director of Eclipse and a co-PI from the UK Software Sustainability Institute.  [[https://sites.google.com/site/distributedcomputings2i2/]]
</i>
<hr>


   * Miriam Boon: Report on the status of the new name for Isgtw, the new web site, and the need for sustained funding after Dec 2010
   * Robert Engel: Report on Contact Management status
   * John McGee: Brief discussion of the iRODS/NERSC activity

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Status Report from OSG Council Co-Chairs

   * ExTenCI Kick-off Meeting Summary (Paul)

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ Round-Table Virtual Organization Reports and Issues:

   * Reduced availability of OSG resources for Engage due to LHC ramp up and the 'expressed need for more resources accessible for OSG".

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ AOB

%BLUE% *minutes:*

%ENDCOLOR%

-- Main.KentBlackburn - 13 Sep 2010
  

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="vo_bar_smry.png" attachment="vo_bar_smry.png" attr="" comment="" date="1284447287" path="vo_bar_smry.png" size="60033" stream="vo_bar_smry.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp27585" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
