%META:TOPICINFO{author="BurtHolzman" date="1126121233" format="1.0" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ September 7 Community Support Meeting
1:30pm Wednesday Central<br>
Phone Number 510-665-5437<br>
Meeting ID 2772

Attending: John Weigand, Vivek Jain, Burt Holzman, Rob Quick, Doug Olson, Anne Heavey, Iwona Sakrejda

---++ Management / Leadership

We need to define Community Support leadership -- we'll revisit this issue in the future.
Fred suggested that it be light-weight and more than one person; additionally,
major VOs should have defined contacts.  Burt also mentioned it should rotate among VOs/sites.

---+++ Operations liaison

Fred volunteered to be liaison pro tem to the OSG operations meeting.  This is a ROTATING responsibility.

---++ Knowledgebase
---+++ Indiana U. Knowledgebase
The <a href="http://kb.iu.edu/data/aovp.html">Indiana Knowledgebase</a> is being explored as one KB solution.
We will probably have a test instance in place for 50-100 documents for a time period of 
three months, and will possibly begin within the next month or so.
Anne is investigating how much effort it will take on our part to populate/revise/edit
and maintain, but feels the effort will be largely independent of whatever knowledgebase 
infrastructure is chosen.

The flux in OSG may make this additionally hard to maintain.

Wisdom from IU: Each document is another object to maintain; and 20% of their docs
answer about 80% of their problems.

Both Iwona and Vivek volunteered to write some basic documentation as well as serve as enlightened
users for reading and revising documents written by experts.

Ongoing costs for Indiana's KB system are on the order of $100k/year.

---+++ Other KBs 

Remedy KB exists; we will continue investigating other infrastructures and costs.

---++ Communication	
---+++ Forums

Good news: CMS has created a Hypernews instance at FNAL for their experiment with essentially the same
features that OSG is looking for. Bad news: it is not clear if it will pass the security audit.  In the case that it does not, Burt solicited for off-site support; Iwona mentioned STAR's Hypernews installation is at Brookhaven.  She'll
contact her collaborators and see if we re-establish the Lauret/Holzman team.

---+++ Mailing list

OSG-GENERAL picking up in traffic.

---+++ Issue Tracking

Roundup issue tracker essentially unused -- we should think about if and how we
want to encourage its use (or other similar tools).

---++ Documentation

There was a request from the Documentation activitiy that we write the Grid Users Guide how-to 
<a href="http://osg.grid.iu.edu/dev/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=56">(linked from here)</a>.  No
volunteers were forthcoming so we are not able to take it on at this time, but it may very well be an
outgrowth of the knowledgebase activity.

---++ Next Meeting
Wednesday, September 21, 2005<br>
1:30 pm Central<br>
Phone Number 510-665-5437<br>
Meeting ID 2772

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 07 Sep 2005

