%META:TOPICINFO{author="BurtHolzman" date="1134590653" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ December 14 Community Support Meeting
1:30pm Wednesday Central<br>
Phone Number 510-665-5437<br>
Meeting ID 2772

Attending: Vivek, Tim, Burt, Anne, !RobQ

<!-- ---++ Hypernews Status Update -- none  -->
---++ Knowledgebase
	* Anne is waiting for her latest round of revisions to make into the IU KB test instance.
	* Need link to IU KB on main OSG page, OSG web site map -- Burt will mention to deployment
	* Fred is responsible for providing IU KB server hardware?

---+++ Next 7 Questions
Questions are listed in TopQuestionSuggestions.
	* Burt will try to have troubleshooting question done by end of week
	* Anne will have "how to start a VO" done by end of week
	* Burt will follow-up with Lisa on "who is using my resource" and "how to disable users"
	* Rob Q. is waiting for guidance from security group on "What do I do if there is a security incident" -- could be another week before a well-defined answer exists to write up
	* Vivek sent two sets of docs on Condor setup (Vivek way and the Terrence way).  Fred is supposed to try them / verify them / integrate them if necessary.  Burt will check and see if Penelope has time to try this too as a fresh user.

---++ Next Meeting 
<br>
Wednesday, Dec 28, 2005<br>
1:30 pm Central<br>
Phone Number 510-665-5437<br>
Meeting ID 2772


-- Main.BurtHolzman - 14 Dec 2005

