{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19980\viewh13700\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Meeting: Joint ALICE-OSG Teleconference, Dec 17 2008\
Participants: Ron, Iwona, Jeff, Pablo, Federico, Alain, Jason, Ruth, Mine, Abhishek\
\
We discussed a subset of items highlighted in red at -- http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/ALICE_OSG\
\
General conclusion was that convergence is now near in sight, but this Phase-I can stay open till we implement a solution for proxy renewal, and until we demonstrate a larger-scale volume of jobs. Phase-II will be geared more toward expansion.\
\
Sincere gratitude to everyone who made an extra effort to join despite rough weather and other logistical problems. Thanks to Ron Soltz for organizing the teleconference and for helping with the following minutes.\
\
=== Item 1. Hardware Specifications ===\
\
Miron had asked Abhishek to find views on: what are the high-end hardware requirements for VO-Box nodes to run full-scale production? Federico mentioned that a modern 8-core system with 16GB memory should be sufficient. For more specifics, Federico has sent link to a monitoring page that shows specifications of various sites -- http://pcalimonitor.cern.ch/stats?page=vobox_status . Iwona noted that sometimes Condor is slow at NERSC; Alain clarified that this is likely to be not related to hardware. [Jeff to look in more detail at NERSC.]\
\
=== Item 2. Proxy Renewal ===\
\
By design, VO-Box cannot operate beyond 24 hours with a regular short-lived proxy. Hence, there is a requirement for a proxy renewal mechanism, or otherwise for using unencrypted service certificates. This is currently the most high-priority item. NERSC has access to a local MyProxy server, and other certificate related services. Iwona and Jeff suggested there is possibility to use the same, and will look into it. Mine has started the process of identifying various options for ALICE, weighing advantages and risks, from an OSG security perspective. [Pablo to provide more insight to converge on the most suitable option.] [Iwona and Jeff to look into NERSC solution.]\
\
=== Item 3. Batch Queue specification ===\
\
If ALICE has a need to specify batch queue while making a job submission. Pablo says it is not clear if this is well understood. Iwona thinks if a configuration parameter change is needed, it can be done soon. [Iwona, Jeff, Alain, Pablo to continue to discuss more details.]\
\
=== Item 4. Open Ports ===\
\
In the hybrid model being investigated, a VO-Box on OSG is used to submit to local as well as to other sites on OSG. On these other sites, after landing at a WN, auto-install of AliEn is done and a JobAgent started to request ALICE jobs. The machine with VO-Box needs to have certain ports opened to the world. Mine indicated that OSG security does not regulate this, and if a site is in agreement with opening more ports, it is under site's own discretion. Because plan is to have only a handful of VO-Boxes, this may not be difficult to accomplish.\
\
=== Item 5. CA Certificate Availability ===\
\
VO-Box needs to authenticate to various servers, and this requires presence of AliEn CA. This is required on the site with the VO-Box, and may also be needed on the other sites where jobs execute. The latter was not clear and needs to be further discussed. Both CA distributions may need to be considered: OSG CA as well as AliEn CA. Alain told Pablo that OSG CA distribution can be provided as tarball to ALICE if needed. [More discussion expected in near-term.]\
\
=== Item 6. Moving Forward: AliEn/OSG Needs ===\
\
Based on the experience so far, there is no known change needed in the software stacks of OSG and AliEn. As soon as a solution is put in place for proxy renewal, the current model can be considered fit for moving forward. Federico, Ruth, Ron, Abhishek agreed that we need to demonstrate a larger-scale volume of job submission/execution. All agreed that full-scale testing that follows with a large number of jobs will be important. Hence, this is expected to be covered as part of the ongoing Phase-I.\
\
=== Item 7. Moving Forward: Expansion to more Sites with VO-Boxes ===\
\
Ron agreed that if current model succeeds in full-scale testing at NERSC, a forward path will be to proceed to adopt at other sites in the US: LLNL, Houston, Ohio. Ron thinks that LLNL can prepare by installing OSG client stack and Condor Batch Queue on the VO-Box node. Alain said that OSG supports a wide range of batch systems, and is open to sites with different batch systems. Foreseeable plan is to install a VO-Box each on 4 sites: NERSC, LLNL, Houston, Ohio -- Ron can provide liaison and facilitate. Ruth mentioned there are 2 sites in Brazil which can also be considered -- Federico can provide liaison and facilitate. Benefiting from key expertise at NERSC -- Iwona, Jeff, Shreyas -- will be useful. Abhishek thinks this can be structured as Phase-II of the Taskforce.\
\
\
\
\
}