%META:TOPICINFO{author="MichaelWilde" date="1166127480" format="1.1" reprev="1.18" version="1.18"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! Minutes of the OSG Executive Board

%TOC%

---++ Coordinates

   *  December 14th 2006, 8am - 12 pm California time. (PST)
   * Teleconferencing (phone only): 1.800.704.9896, Participant Code 779069#.

MEETING FACILITIES:
I have arranged the meeting rooms. We will be meeting in the LIGO conference rooms on the 6th floor of Millikan (the tallest building on campus). This facility has teleconferencing capabilities, wireless and wired network connectivity (need to register MAC number for the wireless) and projection capabilities for people's laptops. I have requested VRVS be configured for this room and will be testing in the near future with any remote participants that are interested.

---++ Attending
Miron, Torre, Don, Warren, Kent, Bill, Doug, Mike, Ruth, Frank, Leigh
---++ Agenda

   * 8 [[http://hepweb.ucsd.edu/fkw/disunAtosg.ppt][DISUN and OSG]]  - Frank
   *  8:20  [[%ATTACHURL%/osg-exec-meeting-12-06.ppt][Condor and OSG]] - Todd
   * 8:40 [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Accounting/WebHome?rev=2;filename=AccountingOSG-EB-12-07.ppt][Accounting  - how to make the "all sites accounting on OSG milestone"]] - Philippe
   * 9.00  GLobus/CDIGS  and OSG - Lisa [[http://www.mcs.anl.gov/~childers/EBP20061214.ppt][ppt]]
   * 9:20 [[%ATTACHURL%/VO_Services_-_OSG-EB_Status_Report_-_Dec06.ppt][Privilege Project WBS]] - what the program of work is and why - Gabriele
   * 9:40  [[%ATTACHURL%/PIF_OSG_update_20061214.ppt][LIGO PIF - are we still in such bad shape as in November - Warren]]
      * [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Deployment/20061009AgendaMinutes][Minutes of Oct. 9 EB meeting]]
      * [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/pub/Deployment/20061009AgendaMinutes/osgExecBoard0061009.pdf][Brady's LIGO PIF Report]]
      * [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Security/OsgLigoIdAuthz][OSG-LIGO working group on ID management and AuthZ webpage]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/M060075.pdf][Memo: Cooperation between the PIF 2005 Proposal from the LSC and the OSG Proposal]]
   * 11:00  [[%ATTACHURL%/WLCG_Needs_OSG.pdf][WLCG_Needs_OSG.pdf]]: - Ian
   * 11:20 Engagement  - reaching the first milestone - John [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Engagement/WebHome?rev=1;filename=osg-eb-DEC-2006.ppt][ppt]]
   * 11:40 EOT - planning for the first training workshop - Mike [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_EOT_Report.2006.1214.v3.ppt][ppt]]
   * 12:00 [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20061214AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=Dec-14-ET.ppt][Security Report]] - Don
   * 12:20  lunch and Applications/Users report.

---++ Action Items and Issues for the Blueprint meeting

-- Main.RuthPordes - 16 Nov 2006

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="PIF_OSG_update_20061214.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Warren Anderson's Talk To ExecBrd Dec 14th, 2006" date="1165965089" path="PIF_OSG_update_20061214.ppt" size="92672" user="Main.KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="VO_Services_-_OSG-EB_Status_Report_-_Dec06.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="VO Services WBS" date="1166114735" path="VO_Services_-_OSG-EB_Status_Report_-_Dec06.ppt" size="146432" user="Main.GabrieleGarzoglio" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg-exec-meeting-12-06.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Condor Talk" date="1166112888" path="osg-exec-meeting-12-06.ppt" size="113152" user="Main.AlainRoy" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Dec-14-ET.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Security Report" date="1166122353" path="Dec-14-ET.ppt" size="71680" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_EOT_Report.2006.1214.v3.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="" date="1166127458" path="OSG_EOT_Report.2006.1214.v3.ppt" size="62976" user="Main.MichaelWilde" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_EOT_Report.2006.1214.v2.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="OSG EOT Plan Review, Dec 14, 2006 (revised)" date="1166121029" path="OSG_EOT_Report.2006.1214.v2.ppt" size="99328" user="Main.MichaelWilde" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="WLCG_Needs_OSG.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Ian Presentation" date="1166115235" path="WLCG_Needs_OSG.pdf" size="96793" user="Main.IanFisk" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="M060075.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Background Material for Warren Anderson's Talk" date="1165965514" path="M060075.pdf" size="278402" user="Main.KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
