%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1159407575" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 29 Sept 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending

---++ Administrata
Status of SOWs -- Have Leigh and Miron talked to Bakul? Feedback? Torre -- has Bakul contacted you yet?

---++ Applications
GADU - what is needed to get them back using OSG according to plan -- Mike, we are expecting an email telling us what needs to be done to help them and who will do it or what help they need BEFORE the meeting. 

---++ 4-6 Slides for SciDAC
Make an outline; comment on the outline Ruth sent round.

---++ VDT priorities update.
Its about 1 month since we went through the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20060831AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls][VDT priorities]]

 (this is a link.. if it does not show up in your email as such here is the 
url : http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20060831AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls )

---++ AOB.
-- Main.RuthPordes - 28 Sep 2006
