%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1329929265" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
<table width="100%">
<tr><td valign="top">
</td>
<td valign="top">
---+!!OSG Trash/Deployment Activity
</td>
<td valign="top" align="right" width="25%">
%TABLE{ sort="off" dataalign="left" tableborder="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="3" headerbg="#F3EDE7" databg="#F3EDE7"}%


</td></tr></table>

%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%
Phone/Video Coordinates:

We will be using the ESnet ECS Adhoc bridge.
The number to dial in to connect by video is
88674 for (88OSG) at 348kps.
<br>If you need to dial in by phone only, call 510-883-7860 then enter the
Ad-hoc number 88674 ) followed by the # sign.
<br>for Ad-Hoc instructions for dialing in http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/dialin.htm
<br>or connecting to to view the stream http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/codian.htm
---++External / Contributing Projects:

LIGO PIF and VO Services - PatrickB/Doug/Gabriele <br>
Review posted project plan and status for addressing LIGO identity and authorization deliverables. <br>

LIGO PIF and Extensions -  PatrickB<br>
Review status of analysis deliverables and milestones lessons learned document. Status of evaluation of alternate WMS systems for LIGO.<br>

Accounting - Philippe<br>
Address priorities and list of sites not yet reporting to Gratia; Review VO level and Success information  reported; Understand report analysis and metrics extraction action items and possibilities; Understand status and needs for reporting to the WLCG. <br>

VO Services -  Gabriele<br>
Results/action items for OSG from VOMS/VOMRS WLCG working meetings. Status and plans for VOMRS in VDT. Interoperability between Authz components in OSG and EGEE -- especially for storage.<br>

    * [[%ATTACHURL%/cedps_for_OSG_EB.pdf][CEDPS report]] -  Jen <br>
-- might you be able to give the first report about CEDS-OSG at this phone meeting (presentations of no more than 5 slides)? If you have a conflict it would be great if you could post a presentation and we will read through it since several people in OSG are part of CEDS with related hats??<br>

 [[%ATTACHURL%/osg-dcache-intro.pdf][OSG DCache Introduction]] - PatrickF --<br>
would you be able to give a brief status on the dCache (including SRM layer, no more than 5 slides -- actually I am thinking of trying 3 instead of 5 for the future -- what do you think? ) collaboration deliverables  (involves DESY, Fermilab, WLCG.. others?)

---++OSG Core

Security - security alerts /and or  incidents -- a report.

[[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=541&version=1&filename=OSG%20Operations%20Metrics%20v112.doc]Operational Metrics]] and [  * [[%ATTACHURL%/ControlMetrics.ppt][proposal for Initial Targets]]  - EB final review and signoff of Year 1 Operational Metrics plans

STAR Efficiency - Review of Troubleshooting Results and Lessons Learned for the future.

thats 9 items in 3 hours. Seems plenty to me. 


Note that things like the OSG 0.6.0 release are discussed weekly in the Facility Coordination and Executive Team meetings so I am not including them here. The ET,  Integration, Operations, Troubleshooting meetings have minutes posted on the twiki and you are invited to read them there and send questions to this EBP list. 

-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 Feb 2007
 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="cedps_for_OSG_EB.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="CEDPS report" date="1171553483" path="cedps_for_OSG_EB.pdf" size="95249" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="ControlMetrics.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="InitialMetrics" date="1171554343" path="ControlMetrics.ppt" size="64000" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg-dcache-intro.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="OSG DCache Introduction" date="1171478906" path="osg-dcache-intro.pdf" size="100101" user="Main.KyleGross" version="1"}%
