%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1167861336" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
 OSG Executive Team Meeting January 5th 2007
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: 


---++  Pending Action Items
|Item|Date due | Status|
|Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG | Dec 6th | Miron, Leigh |
|Define Operational Metrics for Year 1 |	1/1/07 | Miron |
|Release Security Plan |	1/1/07 | Don | Reviewed by EB. Going to Agency and Council |
|Release VDT for OSG 0.6.0	| 12/19/06 | Alain| Released to ITB |


---++ Usage and Users Support - not this week.

---++ Resources Management
   *   [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/][SOWs]]: 10 signed by PI (Renci, Caltech, Iowa, Chicago, Indiana, ISI, UCSD) , 2 In final review with ML: (Boston, BNL),  4 need review, revising (Wisconsin, LBNL, SLAC, Florida) 

   *  [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=523&version=1&filename=OSGChangeControlProcess.doc][OSG Change Control Process]] Draft for comment. 

   *[[mailto:cssehgal@fnal.gov][Chander Sehgal]] started on Monday. He will be phoning people in the next few weeks. First goal is to get arms round spending report.  

---++ Facility  
   * VDT 1.6.0 release --- issues, comments?
   * Provisioning -- how are we going to do this for OSG 0.6.0?
   * STAR troubleshooting -- any issues for other areas of work? 
   * LIGO CA /identity management work.
   * Availability information to WLCG - status; needs of US LHC as in Ian Fisks presentation to EB.
   
---++ EOT
Update on Grid schools

---++ Extensions
Any update on/issues for meeting March milestone.

---++ From the ED
 US LHC S&C Review coming up <br>

 Reports from the Discovery Services workshop:<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/ServiceInfoDiscovery-Summary.txt][Summary]] of the meeting. Laurence Field, Shaowen Wang<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/Trip%20Report%20Workshop%20in%20Service%20Discovery%2C%20by%20USF.pdf][Summary from]]  Anda Iamnitchi<br>
 OSG any Next steps? 

 Plans for Consortium Meeting - discussion of agenda


-- Main.RuthPordes - 03 Jan 2007
