%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1168618035" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting January 11th 2007
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Torre, Ruth, Rob, Kent, Mike


---++  Pending Action Items - tba


---++ Usage and Users Support - 
   Reports and Issues: [[main.TorreWenaus][Torre]], [[Main.FkW][Frank]], [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abishek]], [[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]].

<table width="100%" border="1">
<thead /><tr /><th />VO<th />Contact<th />Recent News / Status
<col width="1*" /><col width="2*" /><col width="10*" />
<tbody />
<tr /><td />ATLAS<td />[[main.TorreWenaus][Torre]]<td /> No issues for OSG. ATLAS support at Hampton still in the air.
<tr /><td />CHARMM<td />[[main.TorreWenaus][Torre]]<td /> Actively working to get to production run. 
<tr /><td />CMS<td />[[Main.FkW][Frank]]<td />
<tr /><td />DES/SDSS<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />No current OSG use.
<tr /><td />compbiogrid<td />[[Main.FkW][Frank]]<td />
<tr /><td />CDF<td />[[Main.FkW][Frank]]<td />
<tr /><td />D0<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />[From Parag]<br>
Test run shows about 80% success rate:
<ul><li />Some failures due to transitory auth failures and site misconfiguration;
<li />SAM-forwarding node ran out of disk space due to load (backlog cleared, more space being worked on);
<li />Most due to SRM failures;
</ul>
Waiting for actual D0 s/w release for p20 production. It is expected
to be available next week. If this is delayed we may have another round
of test runs.<br>
Dzero services successfully interfaced with SRM. We have tried SRMs at
UNL and SPRACE.<br>
This week has been mostly slow because of downtime at OSG sites which
we use.<br>
Once the production starts full scale, I may start looking into one or
two of the OSG big sites.
<tr /><td />GADU<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />[From Dina]<br>
Occasional use for small genomes.<br>
Next big update in March: working on being able to handle big updates more frequently.<br>
Working with Mike Wilde on using new version of VDL to solve shared-FS problems.
<tr /><td />GLOW<td />Miron<td />
<tr /><td />GROW<td />?<td />
<tr /><td />LIGO<td />[[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abishek]], [[Main.FkW][Frank]] &amp; [[Main.KentBlackburn][Kent]]<td />
<tr /><td />MiniBooNE<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />[From Chris Polly]<br>
Currently getting plenty of throughput from FNAL-based OSG sites: will move back to some offsite facilities if local ones get saturated by other VOs.
<tr /><td />Nanohub<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />[[VO.NANOHUB_UtilStatus][Status page]]<br>
[Specific comments from Steve Clark]<br>
With regard to NERSC: We were not able to successfully run the larger scale test problem within the restrictive queuing limits. At this point I am not sure if performance can be improved by tweaking the compilation or if the problem is just to big for the available resource. Other than access provided by OSG nanoHUB has no connection to NERSC.  Currently the access model to NERSC is different than how we access all other OSG sites. This stems from NERSC refusing to execute jobs authorized with a community certificate.  
  
In the broader sense nanoHUB is still battling to gain access to more sites with significant compute resources. Many sites remain closed to several VO's or accept only a small number of jobs making the site impractical for the type of study nanoHUB is currently undertaking.  For the sites that do accept nanoHUB jobs performance has been highly variable. Keeping jobs running requires continual monitoring from our end and interaction with site administrators when problems arise. This is in spite of the continual 
monitoring being done via !GridCat and the like. Sometimes it seems as if the !GridCat results are not being observed or at least not acted upon by people.
<tr /><td />STAR<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]] &amp; [[main.DougOlson][Doug]]<td />Chris: in correspondence with STAR regarding use of Fermigrid; discussions ongoing.
<!-- <tr /><td /><td /><td /> -->
</table>

---++ Resources Management
    * [[%ATTACHURL%/TasksByJan5.xls][TasksByJan5.xls]]:  tasks that ended by 1/5/07 -- gathering the information of % complete and how do we document completion.

---++ Facility   - not this week
   * Integration report: looking like a 3 week delay. 
New target for ITB release 0.5.2:  1/19/07
Three weeks of ITB testing (1/22 to 2/9)
<Possible iteration for new issues uncovered in the ITB>
Hand over to Provisioning process which includes all
pre-deployment preparations;
OSG 0.6.0 deployment begins.

see notes at:  [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/bin/view/Integration/MinutesJan11][Minutes Jan 11]]

Note - the ITB 0.5.2 release description is at:
[[http://osg.ivdgl.org/bin/view/Integration/ITB_0_5/WebHome][ITB V0.5.2]]

Plan virtual ITB workshop - Rob to suggest date at the end of January - week of WLCG workshop. and get back on what he needs for organization. Worry at loss of effort.
Impact on VOs? how do we survey this. How will we work with the VOs on deployment? 
Phone meeting tomorrow to talk about Storage in ITB 0.5.n 

---++ EOT
Update on Grid schools: 
   * Looking for candidate for education facilitator.
   * UIC and workshop. No contact since Christmas. Will get venue Thur-Sat around March 24th.  Publicity and posters in progress and teachers. 
   * Argentina - Ben's travel. Campus Grid will be a prototype in Argentina. Base of the material will be how we build OSG and TeraGrid and how they are used. Hope to get Condor people involved for this material. End of next week plan to have a base.
   * Educause -- reasonable suggestion but won't know whether it is worthwhile. Will follow this up.

---++ Engagement
Any update on/issues for meeting March milestone.

---++ Extensions
Abhishek looking at
gftp and srmcp from worker nodes at all sites.He's going to identify which sites don't work, and then work with the site admins to figure out why, and help get all sites either straightened out, or make them feel embarrassed about themselves. This was asked for by both Atlas and cms.

---++ From the ED

 Update on Operations and IU
 
 JOT is the 20th February at the URA. Who will attend? 
   *   Torre will come. Have smaller group for 19th than 20th. 

 US LHC S&C Review coming up <br>

 Reports from the Discovery Services workshop:<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/ServiceInfoDiscovery-Summary.txt][Summary]] of the meeting. Laurence Field, Shaowen Wang<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/Trip%20Report%20Workshop%20in%20Service%20Discovery%2C%20by%20USF.pdf][Summary from]]  Anda Iamnitchi<br>
 OSG any Next steps? 

 Plans for Consortium Meeting - discussion of agenda


-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 Jan 2007

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 11 Jan 2007
   

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="TasksByJan5.xls" attachment="TasksByJan5.xls" attr="" comment="Tasks that End by Jan 5 2007" date="1168553377" path="TasksByJan5.xls" size="24064" stream="TasksByJan5.xls" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
