%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1174072914" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OsgCommunications"}%
---+ San Diego Mar 5-7, 2007 OSG Meeting -- Anne Heavey's notes

%TOC%

---++ Informal one-on-one Interviews

---+++ Thomas NDoussa, DOE (Tues 3/6)
   * he suggests I get a "map" of funding agency personnel and their interestes and requirements
   * he comes to FNAL for site visits occasionally; one is coming up soon
   * his FNAL contacts are Ruth P and Don P

---+++ Mark James, BIRN Proj Mgr of BIRN comp ctr (Mon 3/5)
   * Biomed Informatics Res Network
   * BIRN CC supports test beds, uses teragrid reources
   * OSG reprinted SD sup comp center website article, 10/11/06

BIRN/OSG relationship --
   * peer, not partner, no sharing of resources
   * Do we want to do research highlight even though BIRN is just a peer?
   * no VDT
   * runs globus
   * heavy Teragrid user
   * gridsphere? interface
   * been around 5 yrs, 24 active nodes for apps and data distributed through them.

---+++ Prof Sergio Novaes Sao Paulo, UNESP, CMS & D0
   * May want to do profile on him...
   * Was theorist, became experimentalist 1999, joined D0; now with CMS.
   * PI for SPRACE (HEP in Sao Paolo)
   * Wants to contribute to CMS in areas of computing and analysis
   * Make a center; project approved in 2003.
   * Finished workcluster, fully operational? not sure...
   * Working as T2, off of FNAL T1
   * New project now, GridUNESP -- first university (campus) grid in Brazil
   * $2M of support from Ministry of Science and Technology
   * 8 clusters around state of Sao Paulo
   * Seeking partnership with OSG
   * Training is a big issue; grid is new in Brazil, would need strong support
   * SGTW did article around Aug 06 
---+++ Miron
"let's talk after this meeting; see what comes out of it"

---+++ Dane Skow
Need to do outreach that's not just hype; need to get the user stories "out there"
---+++ Patrick Fuhrmann, DESY, dCache lead
maybe do profile
talked with him very informally; no interview

---+++ David Anderson (Buffalo, some corp, works with Mark Green)
Does lots of SBIR work
Has tool for tutorials, wants to have CMS adopt it
Has some money left on this grant; probably not enough to do something for OSG

---+++ Manuel Delfino, IT in Spain
   * Discussed Euro political structure, how differs from US
   * Brussels encourages (requires?) >1 country to work together, then provides funding, but <50%
   * So countries start project together, request EU funding
   * Then each requests >50% funding from its nat'l gov't
   * Hence IGI (Italian Grid Initiative), etc. and EGI (European Grid Initiative)
   * EGEE preparing for permanent grid infrastructure (currently pilot production phase)
   * EGEE already in place as infrastructure for EGI; EGI would provide the continued management and funding structure for EGEE-II?
   * EGI next step to "ensure a sustainable e-Infrastructure for research, help to maintain Europe&#8217;s leading position, and prepare for a global interoperable Grid infrastructure"
   * The other grids, e.g., DEISA would be part of EGI too; currently DEISA transfers data to EGEE via scp; need to change
   * from his presentation: he defines cluster as infrastructure having common AAA; grid does not

---+++ Jim Shank and Michael Ernst, Atlas
   * ME was a bit more negative than JS
   * (I need to learn more about panda)
   * Using panda, athena
   * using OSG resources heavily, not using EGEE due to m/w dispute (panda vs stuff Italians have made)
   * use OSG stack, but use only selected components, and ignore others

---+++ Rob Gardner
He's thinking about what we need for communications and doc; asked if I thought my role was more internal or ext; I said both.  He suggested getting SMEs to sit with tech writers to get started.  

How best to accomplish that given distribution of people?

---+++ Met who?
   * Edu coord at SDSC Diane Baxter
   * Ewa Deelman
   * Simon Lin and Eric Yen -- have grid, use common m/w; other Asian countries developing their own; yearly Asian grid conference
   * Patrick Fuhrmann, dCache, DESY (Jon Bakken, Shaowen Wang)

---++ Sessions

Francine Berman Dir SDSC

   * Early metaphor of electric grid; doesn't really work anymore
   * Talked about how it's the same, how it's different (see slides)
   * Talked about goals and how to measure success

---+++ Ruth's presentation and Frank's 
Lots of "meat": where we are now, where we're going, what's necessary to do to move on; see slides (plan to use to start meeting summary for isgtw)



---+++ Reza Tohhraee, Biomoca, nanohub
   * use nanohub on teragrid
   * started last summer on OSG
   * looking for faster resources; want results in a month
   * (Jen starting research highlight on this; will talk to Ravaioli and Seb. Goasguen)
---+++ Steve Kent, SDSS, DES, Astrophys w Grid
   * COADD -- don't know which jobs go where
   * OSG essential; too small to buy own
   * doing simulations w/ some real data <nop>InSim2?
   * have somebody (Nikolai) writing scripts to launch jobs on grid; tailor jobs to sites that can handle large data sets

---+++ Jerome Lauret, STAR
   * heavy reliance on ROOT; deploying ROOT interfaces on grid
---+++ Jeff Linderoth, Football pool, Lehigh U
   * coding theory app
   * invites others to use master-worker s/w package
   * came in as GLOW VO
   * using sites Miron gave him
   * app has no MPI (message passing interface)
   * use condor-g, sched-on-the-site to access grid resources
---+++ NSF Office of Cyber Infrastructure (OCI) Kevin Thompson
Pointed to doc on NSF vision of CI (see slides)
---+++ Partners
   * Pragma, Cindy Zheng, GIN (grid interoperation now); next steps on her slides

---+++ Greg Daues, NCSA (nat center supercomput Apps), DES
   * Teragrid: Trebuchet vs Enstore/dCache/SRM
   * joint DOE (osg) and NSF (NCSA) partnership
   * Goal: process/anal data at sites, have data pipeline to run also on Fermigrid machines
   * started using enstore/dcache
   * SRM crucial to get data from tape to cache effectively -- srm still buggy

---+++ Pat Shubic, DOSAR, U of OK
   * submitted doc to OSG about collaboration (provided SOW)
   * D0 HEP, and LHC, CMS and ATlas
   * DOSAR VO from Jul 05
   * want to work more on OSG, can bring expertise; looking for big partnership w OSG -- monitoring (I wrote some acronym: UTA? or LITA?)
   * Condor ppool using  "co-linux' for windows -- people like their PCs
   * desktop structures, saves OSG extra work

---+++ Tom Furlani, NYSGrid
   * member of OSG a couple of years
   * happy participant
   * nysgrid organized by Cornell for NYState grid
   * lots of new resources comin in
   * installing OSG stack
   * CMS driving force
   * external users through OSG
   * tesing SRM
   * training doc
   * talking about T3 CMS at nysgrid; priority: open resources to OSG apps
---+++ Ewa Deelman -- Pegasus (enabling users session)
   * workflow tool
   * workflows mapped by Peg onto dagman and condor
   * efficient data handling
   * is peg in vdt?
   * windward: proj for OSG for modularizing workflow? (check her slides)
---+++ Tibi Stef-Praun
   * SWIFT system goal: usability
   * create simple workflows
   * VDS hides complexity of grid
   * something about swiftscript (I want to find out more)

---+++ Joszef Patvarszki, P-Grad
   * multi-grid portal; graphical, event-based
   * GIN VO started in UK
   * patvarcz at cs dot wpi dot edu
   * Dane had good question about introducing this workflow tool (I lost the gist...inadequate notes!)

---+++ John McGee, Engagement
   * 1 year funded effort
   * monitoring is big issue; does GIF work?
   * pilot jobs for VO-spec info
   * Engagement VO runs probes, publishes to Condor class-adds
   * Question about MPI for biologists (I forgot what MPI is...) NERSC has one but need nersc-spec acct; JMcG to talk to Bill Kramer
   * VOs willing to put in effort but need good contact
   * Ques: can you find out what VOs ahve installed everywhere? Ans (Ruth): no, and it's none of OSG's business

---+++ Horst for Henry Neeman
Might be good for an article on education; SiPE workshops, OSCER?

Mark (somebody...?) commercial partner
---+++ FKW -- osg today and tomorrow
   * Great osg in a nutshell for new user
   * layer of portals to make it easy; need to encourage

---+++ Ion Moraru -- Virtual Cell Project
computational cell biology, intracellular networks

   * create techniques, technologies for measuring, manipulating, modelling
   * not fully on osg yet; still authorization issues; want to provide gateway to users
   * Miron says "osg can help community to get organized and use their own resources"
   * clusters run windows, new clusters will run rocks; platform unimportant to VCell; java is the common thing they need
---+++ Lindsay Hood, Australia
   * He found social aspect of grids interesting
   * Aus academic grid not limited to science -- e-research to include humanities and other
   * privatized network makes it too expensive to use full capacity
   * upcoming project in Aus for satellite dishes -- competing w So Africa
   * emphasis on data management issues -- who to solve problems? Partially computer science...  Issue is structured data and metadata
   * using VDT now, but not whole of OSG; he's not sure why not
---+++ Anne's talk 
   * Paul: dates in docdb make no sense; hard to find things e.g., management docs
   * can we save results of a query to a page?
   * doc numbers unhelpful; could they at least have year in front, e.g., 2007-415 instead of just 415?
   * Twiki disorganized, impossible to find stuff -- people hate it.
      * need a good search -- install google locally? (Abishek suggests <nop>AddServices page for google search)
      * add tagging of pages
   * Igor suggests pinging new users to find out if they can find what they're looking for
---+++ Scott Lathrop, Teragrid, Communications session
   * science gateways to engage thru own portals
   * use other grid publications to get the word out, go to professional society meetings
   * wants to work together with OSG to engage
   * (I had an idea about contacting university/campus newsletters)
   * turn CI days into case study and share the info
   * Teragrid provided 40 nuggets to NSF, plus has 16 stories in a brochure
   * idea raised about video nuggets
 
---+++ Abishek Rana UCSD, User group forum, Doc session
   * gathers requirements from VOs
   * collects metrics from VOs
   * could use more coordination between user group - VOs - doc
   * suggests giving smaller VOs more attention to help them integrate into OSG
   * think about how to motivate VOs to provide info to us
   * Paul asks about old gridcat functionality that's missing in VORS, e.g., premade plots -- I didn't note response :-(  

---+++ Bill Kramer <nop>SciDAC, communications session
A quick browse of the website did NOT bring me to any mention of OSG. Paul suggested posting an article about the OSG meeting on their website. Should this be an article that we also put in our newsletter, isgtw, our website, etc?

If OSG wants <nop>SciDAC outreach center, can have one.

---+++ Sebastien Goasguen, Clemson, Outreach session

   * Idea of grid as interaction and social networking
   * Uses shibboleth as id provider
   * linux gateway through firewall to Windows resources; uses gridftp.net for Windows
   * <nop>InCommon is universities CA organization based on Shibboleth; single sign-on for web apps
   * Von Welch provided infrastructure to include (shibboleth?) in VDT
   * Bring up Shibboleth based id management to security tech group
   * no condor-G submissions yet on Win machine
   * no storage element yet -- manpower issue
   * question about small VOs as e-communities; e.g., classrooms, departments; how to set up?
   * Ruth wants low threshold to form these e-communities

---+++ Tom Jordan, Edu and Outreach
I2U2
   * Cosmic ray used as tool to teach how to do research in addition to how to use grid
   * Simon asks about adding ATLAS and going international; Tom says yes.
   * Tom mentions guest accounts so anybody can use.
   * PIs are Mike Wilde and Marge Bardeen

---+++ Enabling user communities
Discussion: miron, ian, burt, others in response to Chris G presentation of site validation tool (for VO admin to run on other vo's site in opportunistic way)
   * have only VORS validation; need more granularity
   * need to define what is validation
   * working on site validation for SE; still in test
   * responsibility of OSG participants (sites)  to provide accurate info and to be welcoming to outside users
   * needs attitude change; sites should run their own availability tests; don't let sites off the hook (without VO proxy there are still some tests site can do)
   * Frank adds: desirable to have set of probes available to GOC, VO, site
   * suggestion to decouple CE level and WN level tests


---++ Potential contacts

Cindy Zheng -- PRAGMA, ASDSC
CHARMM -- general program (could be swapped out for other, eg. Amber) uses Panda as front end
   * Tim Miller (comp) btmiller at helix dot nih dot gov
   * Ana D (biologist -- protein molecular dynamics) adamjan1 at jsu dot edu

Shantenu at LSU, Gridchem, 5-6 sites, want to unify, application: Gaussian



---++ Documentation notes
Doug Olson suggested coordinating some EGEE and OSG documentation 

Craig Prescott, 
   * UofFl, documentation for EOT; 
   * work together, leverage for user doc
   * write for newcomers, not stakeholders
   * He'll have two tech writers; wants "how stuff works" articles for newcomers

Idea from Rob G: Make an ATLAS-style Workbook for doc.

   * Tibi's building an e-lab -- similar to I2U2?
   * Using SWIFT workflow scripting language
   * wants roadmap for getting into distributed computing mindset


CI days discussion 3/7 -- Miron's comments

   * Barrier to campus infrastructure is largely social. Different univ departments don't often have much in common or communicate well or enough.
Competition, "bad blood", etc. We need to be sensitive to campus politics.
   * Community level: how campus can help researchers to be part of nat'l or internat'l communities
   * T2's don't ask campus for help; how do we become partners in the community
   * We (OSG and CI days partners) can be catalyst
   * show that we care
   * OSG needs to contribute to broad vision of moving nation to new era of CI; campuses are a big piece

Ideas from around the table:
   * (Ruth) Manage expectations from the beginning, and follow-up -- needs thought and planning
   * Sort out what each participant can provide for CI; don't confuse audience, don't step on each others' toes
   * Get our messages straight and coordinated.
   * (Paul) MSI schools need lots of help; SURA can help
   * work out a way to have fewer people visit more campuses
   * can successful models go present to other campuses how they did it? First they need to WANT to hear.
   * maybe write up blurbs on different successful models (UWMad, Purdue, Clemson) and campuses can "cherry pick"?
   * some schools, awareness is enough; others may want an FTE for a week to help

VO liaisons: I need to figure out how to motivate, give incentive to fill in my VO table; make goal to
get this filled in soon.
Make contact with smaller VOs; make them feel welcome and important

---++ To add to my To Do list
   * ask Ruth: Ruth mentioned Mark somebody as a commercial partner, but I missed it..
   * %RED% We can't remember what to do here!%ENDCOLOR% ask Ruth about agreements with Greg Daues, DES ( Joe Moore?) daues at ncsa dot uiuc dot edu
   * %RED% Ruth did. Kent sent info for future; in email.%ENDCOLOR%Send to Tom Furlani (furlani at buffalo dot edu) and of NYSGrid.org whatever info he needs to get started with agreements
   * %RED% this will be part of new osg-docs meetings%ENDCOLOR% Contact small VOs; make special effort to make them feel part of OSG, then get them to contribute their docs/links and so on
   * %RED% done %ENDCOLOR%Contact session conveners about newsletter briefs
   * %RED% sent work orders to ruth and ci days list %ENDCOLOR% plan for CI days article
   * %RED% Sent initial email 3/12%ENDCOLOR%Start up weekly docs meeting again; involve Craig, Rob Q, Chris G, M.Ernst's tech writer John DeSefano, and of course Forrest and me
   * Familiarize (or refamiliarize) self with some components: panda, DAG, 
   * %RED% email sent %ENDCOLOR% Ask Alex Perryman to send ideas about CI days, models for campuses -- something about Howard Hughes...
   * Mary Trauner will ask Forrest and me to review some portions of grid cookbook in May or so
   * Ruth suggests writing NSF nuggets differently. Sounds like NSF rewrites them significantly anyway.
   * %RED% done %ENDCOLOR% Review VORS page for Rob Q
   * %RED% email sent %ENDCOLOR%Ask Abishek about google search on twiki
   * Keep in contact with Randy Sobie of UVic (ATLAS and BaBAR)  about CHEP 07 in Victoria in Oct; find out from Ruth what she foresees as my involvement
     * 10 by 10 booth all for OSG
     * about 500 people
     * I need to figure out what we need for OSG and let him know (e.g., elec sockets, screens, etc.)
   *  %RED% email sent %ENDCOLOR% contact Shantenu JHA at LSU re Gridchem and Gaussian; sjha at cct dot lsu dot edu
   * %RED% email sent %ENDCOLOR% when I go to Lincoln for the sci writing conference, look up T2 people: Dan , Ken Bloom, Brian Bockelman, Aaron Domiguez, Mako Furukawa, Carl Lundstet, David Swanson, 

-- Main.AnneHeavey - 09 Mar 2007 
