%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1181154794" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ToDoAnne"}%
---+ !TeraGrid annual meeting in Madison June 07

---++ General

   * Meet JP Navarro Tues afternoon (or Wed p.m.)
Talk about VDT and software. how the merge and cooperation is going. How much TG is using the VDT base and/or build and test. *This is hopefully an iSGTW and OSG article.*  

From Alain: OSG and TG aligned on same version of Globus for CE node install.  Big accomplishment because: TG had new features, OSG had other patches, had to make it work together.  Have not yet aligned on environment, common GIP standards, etc.

Nanohub is submitting to both; using condor-G.

   * Try to talk to Dane about future OSG-TG cooperation
      * Collaboration and cooperation between TeraGrid and OSG -- how does he see it going? what needs to happen? what is he waiting for from OSG?
      * RP thinks we should put some interoperation activities into the Year 2 plan -- technical and communications, both for others and for you. Any sound bytes you get for this would be good.

*General:*
      * CI Days and Education/Grid schools  are  joint activities. How do people think these are going from the TeraGrid perspective. Are they happy, excited etc?
   * Try to talk to funding agency people 
   * Other TG communications people; 
The people who are attending from TeraGrid External Relations
are: Bill Bell, NCSA; Mike Schneider, PSC; Marijke Unger, NCAR; Warren Froelich, SDSC; Brian Bevirt; NCAR; Scott Lathrop.

   * What does OSG want to communicate to TG?
      * open to joint activities
      * open to deeper interoperation
      * 
---++ isgtw meeting Tues 6/5 12:00 in Boardroom

   * Euro/American balance
   * Editorial practices -- if reprint, if not reprint, and so on
   * Type of articles wanted -- profiles, opinion, features, events, links, images, etc.
   * How to get to point where you're receiving more articles than you can print and you get to choose?
   * Relationship with other publications (!GridToday, ...)
   * Science vs. grid technology vs. other subject articles
   * Policy on acceptability of article?
   * OSG is interested in getting more publicity for its grid schools -- can isgtw help?

---++ Campus CI Days meeting Wed 6/6/ 12:00 in Capitol View Room

CI Days F2F Agenda
!TeraGrid Meeting &#8211; Madison WI
June 6, 2007

   * Update Agenda
   * Current CI Days Pilot
      * Update of Current Contacts
         * University of New Mexico; Alex: wants to move forward, emph on deeper level w navajo tech; different levels of need
	 * Elizabeth City State University, Scott: nothing new, working on what kind of content best for there
	 * MERIT, Russ: waiting to hear back, the fall sometime
         * New York University - Renee to report from Ken: no news
         * NYSERNet/NYSGrid - shooting for fall ;Dave Lithga from Cornell here; talk to him?
      * Case Study from UC Davis 
         * Develop Action Plan; UCD doesn't have their report done yet -- talk later about case study being part of doc.
AH -- create google calendar ***

      * Review of Report from UC Davis - Russ	
   * Scaling
      * Brief Discussion on Goals; Russ: main goal: help campus and researchers/admin figure out their plan, how they tie in to larger reg and nat'l pictures. What are their needs, so we on nat'l side can factor in their needs to our evolution.  Jill: emphasis on researchers per Atkins' talk. Scott: pay particular attention, esp at the regionals. alex: build capacity of MSI ; part is marketing; do train the trainer to take back to campus.  Messaging: we care about campus issues, then ask them to go to regional meeting -- use it to draw in train the trainers. Alex: arrange more site visits for MSI's.   JM: also have intro session , get grants and contracts person. Russ: support for trainers? documentation, but any personal support?   Jill: get together materials , Maxine: speakers bureau. Alex: best to have personal mentor. We're already doing that (Russ UCD, Scott Eliz, Alex UNM)

Do educause materials address any of this?
Russ: how are needs of msi's than research univ's: different material?  Alex: regional univ won't have sophis office of research
Steph McLean: msi's don't focus on research; , diff's in materials: add layer ways in which reps can go back and talk about issues, content , resources that can benefit their institution, getting release to get to meeting is diff, let them know benefits.
Alex: consider msi's like cal states (HSI's) some like comm college, tribal colleges -- same dynamics
Maxine: common denom: learning how to use, learning how to apply, need for success stories; need to prioritize
Russ: make aware what's available, paint a large picture,

Maxine: teach teachers, CIOs other levels I didn't catch --
Jill: follow-up meetings helpful
alex: prioritize -- where they are and where they need to go

Maxine -- slogan - we're going to make you a hero; taught the support guy (he was the hero) who taught everybody else;
First make the cio's vcr and other success stories to campuses; have the guy who knows how to do it . Stage, heros and researchers.
Jill: goal: growing a community can learn from each other 
Engage office of research (alex) -- educause could develop doc in jargon and context they're familiar with

Help campuses prioritize, what next steps are; involve the community (different constituencies) to help itself/each other. Jumpstart peer work.

Boundaries?  
Ann W: timing, pilot/prod, how to scope duration?  JM: relates to longterm vision of group. using resources in our groups to make it happen, not sure how sustainable
Jill: had discussed fixed time period for prelim results, what resources it takes to maintain and further activity
Scott: Atkins talked about VOs; can write CI team proposal
Jill: please provide guidance to us re: NSF 
What time period --  might hit in oct (time of educause conf); may have increased demand; 
there are different ways of continuing -- low resource ways.. could circulate
CI Team proposal requires degree-granting institution -- Alex says not a problem. Scott says keep talking.
 
         * What are we scaling?
	     * DRAFT: The informed building of campus CI infrastructures that leverage regional and national CI resources and opportunities by encouraging discussion among key members of a campus community. 
	 * What do we want to accomplish?
      * Brief Discussion on Requirements and Boundaries
         * Scoping
         * Time duration
         * Audience
	     * Assessment requirements
	     *	Boundary conditions
	     *	Campus culture
	     *	Outcomes 
	     * Case Studies
   * Inventory
      * Review of CI Bubble Diagram (Russ)  2 pages parts and players , matrix resolves them; use as reference diagram? not much else out there. group should look again and see. 
   * Review of What&#8217;s Out There (Garrett)
search on things that might duplicate our efforts, extend search to grid orgs, where's overlap; American Council of Learned Societies (humanities) has filed a report
(I missed a lot here)
      * National and Regional Level
         * Review of Matrix (Russ to resend this plus bubble diagram)
	 * Every org to bring their own info for sharing
Jill: internet 2: process how to fill in blanks, gone through web site and pulled prods, serv, activities that make sense; is in format that can go in wiki; to do: summarize each prod and serv.

web site domain requested; need placeholder NOW for educause announcment; info needs to go public

web site move ahead: Ann and Anne and Scott's student --  ANne volunteers to help with content, requested people to help with providing content and pointers to info****

      * Discussion of Possible Scenarios
Ann: within year, what do we want to see here -- premature; end goal is to saturate CI, make more, see how ease of use goes

   * Next Steps 
      * Message/Content Development
(Anne to add notes)

         * Materials 
	 * Web site
	 * Presentations about CI Days
	    *EDUCAUSE Preconference Seminar
didn't get to, need to plan

John M: put on table: solid set of metrics for success, to see if we're going to go for more funding; have each org to come up with a few bullet points, plus global view; then come together w small subgroup,
Maxine: maybe inquiry and requests for more training could be 1st level goal, usage may be later goals.

OSG has gotten usage already from UCD.

   * Action Plan
      * Review Action Items and Develop Plan

[[http://teragrid.org/er/cidays/index.php/CI_Days_Website][Anne H's website strawman]]

-- Main.AnneHeavey - 04 Jun 2007
