%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1205530415" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ToDoAnne"}%
---+ Notes from biweekly Area Coord Meeting
---++ 3/13/08
Maxim
   * documentation for 4.2.1.1 -- write up for glexec, pilot; maxim will provide doc
Abhishek
   * issue: sites unable to advertize their support
   * from compbiogrid, sbgrid, own job exec model: how to fit into osg model? focus on bio apps as community instead of one vo at a time; organize sub community w/n user group
      * how to organize? asks Ruth. OSG-staffer or outside person? Abhishek thinks OSG should facilitate; They're to decide on a date, propose scope.
   * ligo: further engage GOC cuz may need more effort; may use suite dev by chris g -- also advertize in doc twiki
   * get chris g to write up his test suite for tech blurb! (then do OIM when ready?), ReSS (Mats?)
   * need VO feedback... come up w questions; survey to be ready in April
   * VO app requirements -- move to doc into doc hub

Anne
   * from 2/28 slides
   * Robq comments on goc pages (consistent with mine)
   * twiki - new version (robq) in review stage; to release to comm and integ; can weight the pages in indexing
   * comments on measuring effort req to use resources effectively: needs a definition (cg), (bb) not sure how to quantify; (rp) to think about; get info from stakeholders (??)
   * 
---++  2/28/08
---+++ Shaowen
focuses on deep problems that affect sw stack

NCSA wants to accept osg jobs

post problem solving -- do documentation; thinks there's still lots more to do 

start community feedback survey; asked support from abhishek and robq; coming up, but slower than anticipated
(RobQ already did one for gratia, one for ops coming up, maybe can meld)  after 1.0 (may) 
Can comm help? Survey monkey account.

FAQ summary -- 12 key q/a based on year of work (meet w shaowen next week)

Kent -- 2mo/problem to resolve prob leads to lack of interest in LIGO

---+++ John, Engagement
   * focus on allhands, and Mats been working actively w usual people, in last 2 weeks revisited pre-active people to understand why not currently active
   * have system to track who they're working with and status (not just wiki, but similar); 32 people in system
   * common themes? not yet. Finding inactives are unresponsive on email. Try to find out why.
   * chris green made auto gratia report on Engage vo on per user basis (talk to Chris G about whether it's useful for me too)
   * lots of activity recently -- good thing
   * have researchers in math, finance, econom, (RH when something is done)

---+++ Sebastien -- campus
   * still new and unfunded (subcont from UWM) waiting on that and new grant
   * at osg review, helped
   * debug crimson grid -- reporting a little usage now (which VOs -- OSG Engage, Nanohub and test stuff, auth using edg-update; Chris finds globus error for his site for OSG VO)
   * campus grid workshop at all-hands, Bruno from Emory to show science
   * UTEP -- Seb will go and discuss condor 
   * Russ -- UCD maybe go w osg, he's in charge of their CI
   * econ in his dept; got osg/vdt running from his desktop (go on osg transparently; thruput so-so)
   * not much capacity for Engage VO; John has diff experience, good thruput, many more than 7 sites) Chris: push on ATLAS sites now
   * training undergrads to be admins
   * John: MPI -- folks need this; opportunity for 8-10 node MPI jobs (Greg Thain responsible for developing MPI scheme)

---+++ Alina
   * South Africa discussion -- funding issue getting resolved; couldn't buy needed hardware
   * help former students get up as users -- needs more time
   * biology themed workshop -- needs volunteers for material and presenters (suggestion to mention this at bio wksp at allhands)
SBGrid -- if can get them money maybe they can help

---+++ Ted; storage
   
Ruth asks -- how to deal with followup from this meeting
---++ Jan 31 08
[[Deployment/20080131ETAgendaMinutes]]
chander, ruth, robq, maxim, brianb, shaowen crisg robg alina ted h, todd tannenbaum; abhishek

share proposal, plan , charts

Add schedule to google calendar

for internal metrics, something measureable to bring to meeting on 14th - brian

opport resource mgmt, depends on ability to measure things; brian to review - Kent


[[Deployment/20080215ETAgendaMinutes]]

Alain
   * on target to release new vdt; wait for new dcache early next week (Ted)
   * 3/17 + 6 wks testing before osg 1.0
   * the new gridftp will be optional
   * chander recap: content decided, work ahead, no current problems to report; always last minute requests
   * ruth raises issue of globus build, why is it our responsibility? AR: globus got message that they need to do more of it; just want precise info from them about how, AR thinks best that we do it.  Issue is not running, but rather debugging when they go wrong.
   * chander recap: have testbed, what evolu of tb needs to take place, (the vdt test bed), hw and sw.  AR: needs help testing

Rob Q

   * OIM web page to show at all-hands
   * save effort to push people to upgrade for 1.0 release
RobG
   * integrate rsv and nagios
   * ws gram testing big deal, Terrence involved.
   * chander: providing guidance to sites about how to improve perf, how to make better? RG: need data, see patterns, e.g., gatekeeper avail/time per site.
   * BB: get tier 2 site involved in dcache testing; ws gram testing looks lower scale than what NE has been doing.  (ws gram as recommended gatekeeper -- can we have that by 1.0?) What's impac

No Shaowen or John Mc

Chris G
   * working with CHARMM, getting turnkey solution for MPI jobs, working with NERSC and other site(s).
   * authorizing vo jobs, providing ress for them some success using his testing tool
   * he gets good response from VO reps

Brian B
   * wants metrics, reasonable, from each area, includning commuications; one KEY metric -- for internal use.

Chander:
   * request for feedback on meeting; already pressed
   * next meeting 2 wks -- 2/28

-- Main.AnneHeavey - 31 Jan 20 08