%META:TOPICINFO{author="JenniferNahn" date="1171040055" format="1.1" version="1.18"}%
---+ Planning for OSG Communications-Related Articles
%TOC%

#ResHigh
---++ List of Planned  Research Highlights

   * March: CMS (publish before or on date of publish on isgtw -- Feb 28?)
   * April: MiniBooNe (MT) -- interviewed Chris Polly; still to do: Janet Conrad, Chris Green (for computing) 
   * May - biomoca? (sugg by KY)
  

KY has worked with Sandbox SC booth last year, Kyle Romberg (not freelancers).
d18 3
#IsgTw
---++ List of Planned iSGTW contributions

Use our research highlights once a month; find other things from other grid projects inbetween.

   * AH  heart research for Feb 14
   * AH working on heart res for Feb 14
   * Feb 21 -?
   * Feb 28 - CMS (the res highlight)

#NewsLetter
---++ List of Planned Newsletter articles
In past was KY and RP to figure out what articles to run. How to do it from here out?)
MT took newsletter from KY when KY went full-time.  Need to decide if MT continues, or who to take over what.
Need to do survey to find out what people want for internal newsletter.

To get ideas, go to monalisa plot, see what VO's have been done recently, pick others. Try to vary the type of research month to month.  Also get ideas from Ruth, EB.

<!--   * August 2006
      * Grid Summer Workshop - Mike Wilde _Ruth wrote article; No response from Mike_
      * Application: CDF use of OSG _article too long; had to be edited quite a bit_
      * Technical Topic:  Networks - Don Petravick, Shawn McGee _Dropped from Issue:  Article was Fermi-centric and not appropriate for OSG News_
 
   *  September 2006 _September and October issues were combined_
      * FAQ for SE installation of SRM/dCache from the hands on workshop (Frank W, Torre W) - _Not done_
      * Science papers benefiting from OSG (Ruth) - _Not done_
      * Application: LIGO (Kent Blackburn) - _Not done_
      * STAR from Jerome Lauret - _DONE_
      * OGF Report (Leigh) _Not done_
      * Announce new website (Ruth's article) - _DONE_
      * _Other:  Spotlight on Researcher:  Terrence Martin_

   * October 2006
      * Integration Activity - Plans for functionality enhancements to OSG over next six months - _Not done_
      * Job Scheduling on OSG - Alain Roy _Not done_
      * Application: GROW? _Not done_
    
   * November 2006
      * FAQ for CE installation and configuration - Steve Timm, Leigh Grundhoefer  _NOT DONE_
      * Application: LHC service challenges _Katie has contacted for article _DONE_
      * Spotlight on Researcher:  Horst Severini _DONE_

   * December 2006 (Draft by December 12)
      * Application: CMS (Oliver G) _DONE_
      * Technical:  CE installation (Steve/Leigh) _DONE_
      * Spotlight: Tim Cartwright of the VDT team (U Wisconsin) _DONE_

   * January 2007
      * Copenhagen Information Services meeting 
      * Technical:  How to use  information from the Generic Information Providers -
      * Spotlight: Wayne Betts 
      * From the director: 
-->
ideas Dec 06 for coming months: combiogrid, sdss, nanohub (biomoca app -- done in June)

AH check archives and talk with Ruth about January. 

AH to start surveying work groups in meetings about newsletter


d70 3
   * February 2007:  Draft deadine: February 16
      * Application: point to GADU article
      * Technical:   Training in Argentina
      * Spotlight: Suchandra Thapa,  UofC, sthapa at ci.uchicago.edu  
      * Application: Can we point to GADU article (res highlight and isgtw contrib)? 
      * Technical:   Training in Argentina? (who to follow up?)
      * Spotlight: Suchandra Thapa,  UofC, sthapa at ci.uchicago.edu -- MT has material, ready to write it, it sounds
      * Spotlight: Suchandra Thapa,  UofC, sthapa at ci.uchicago.edu -- 
AH idea: Overview of all the VOs (including or especially the testing VOs like MIS, OSG, gridex, ops...)

   * March 2007
      * Application: Combiogrid - Franks contact  or... why not just point to CMS article (res high. and isgtw contrib)
      * Application: MiniBoone - _MT (Reserve for RH in March)_
      * Technical: PANDA  - Torre Wenaus, BNL (Torre says in Feb there will be a major upgrade of the production
version)
      * Summary/highlights of all-hands meeting?
      * Short blurb on release of ver 0.6.0
   
   * April 2007
      * Application: ?
      * Technical: SRM and dCACHE - Ted Hesselroth, FNAL
      * Spotlight: Marcia Teckenbrock - FNAL
     * "feature" CI days (mcgee) (do double duty with isgtw???)
     * Profile
      *    CHARMM(Ana Damjanovic, JHU) - not yet in production as of Feb 07, but would like to do an article.
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 05 Feb 2007
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 07 Mar 2007 %BR%; 26 Mar 2007
-
%BR% -- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 16 May 2007
