%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1179156771" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+ Documentation Project meeting agenda/minutes 15 May 07
Attending:
   * Anne, Forrest, Tim, Kyle, 

---++ Things that have come up
   * Mats Rynge from RENCI to review FAQ
   * AH asked FC to create stable link for users to access latest training doc in education twiki

---++ Chris G's Site Test Summary pages
Can CG give status? Where are you going to host results?

[[http://home.fnal.gov/~greenc/site_tests/Engage_20070417/]]

From last time:
   * RQ will ask colleague (Arvend? didn't catch name) to look at CG's stuff, then get back to him.
   * RQ will ask Ruth about hosting CG's web pages at GOC, and get back to CG
   * CG will make decision about whether to host at FNAL under opensciencegrid name, or at GOC.
   * CG will make web site available under the VO twiki; maybe a link from VORS (too soon to tell)

---++ CE install guide
   * AH created "streamlined" guide for root install, Condor, full priv, no SE; still needs work, testing. 
   * Need another common scenario to streamline -- JW says use gridmap instead of full priv
   * Need to go through UNL's guide to compare
   * AH to talk to RQ, KG about unfreezing current doc.

---++ Old Links in twiki
   * clean up all old links in twiki -- we should each take a few pages each time.  

Assignments from May 1 -- status?

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/WebHome]] FC %BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/MailingListsSubscribe]] KG %BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/IntegrationGridWhatIs]] CG %BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/ProductionGridWhatIs]] CG %BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/MonALISA]]  AH -- done 5/14 %BR%

new assignments for this period:

---+++ Look and feel of doc twiki
   * status from FC?
last time: Forrest: nothing yet in production, implement first on dev twiki, then move to test twiki on cmssrv09...8443, then when EB signs off, move to prod; now: testing on pattern skin.

---+++ End user doc
last time:
   * Forrest: Ruth asked about status of User Guide that you're working on; https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuide; most recent edit 01 Feb.

last time: Forrest: what is meant by "user", above doc is complete, but not sufficient. Question about testing for accuracy.
Also: Need to know how to create/port app, the JDL, how to run app. Where, what are auth's, can my app get what it needs, etc. 

Forrest sent email post-meeting 3 Apr: I have started documenting what it will take to run a job on the OSG. See:
   * /Sandbox/ForrestChristianSandboxTesting
   * /Sandbox/ForrestChristianCanIRun
I think that the Porting The Application, which EGEE covers to great extent
in their documentation, is what we are missing.

   * AH: does someone need to review this?  Is it ready for that?

---++ Action Items
 From above 17 apr 07:
   * AH to update wbs -- done
   * AH -- go through GOC list for VO liaisons, call them %BLUE% emailed most; VOs with no listed support emailed to goc %ENDCOLOR%
   * Add google searches -- AH and FC to discuss how best to implement %BLUE%policy decision to be made by controlling board, implementation: kyle needs robots.txt file. list of each page (naming conventions irregular); why are meeting notes considered by google to be better than others?  Search optimization -- who could look into this?  How to approach Ruth & co.  FC to push to Jen. %ENDCOLOR%
   * Craig -- look over existing doc and old KB stuff

From 24 apr 07 (2nd half of meeting):
   * AH to think about process for review and maintenance %BLUE%not done%ENDCOLOR% 
   * AH to talk to Ruth about who to review FAQ -- docs group already busy at 110% %BLUE%Mats Rynge%ENDCOLOR%
   * AH to follow up with VOs for VO/webhome page%BLUE%not done%ENDCOLOR%

Action items from 1 May:
   * AH -- the three immediately above from 24 apr
   * FC to ask Jen N to take over on google searches and meeting notes issue.
   * CG to ask RQ about progress on the test probe page issue
   * AH to continue work on CE install, and to talk to RQ about "unfreeze" possibilities
   * AH, FC, CG, KG to review assigned pages for old links

---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 01 May 2007



