%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285015" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
---+ Documentation Project meeting agenda/minutes 12 Jun 07
Attending: AH FC CG KG TS MT

---++ Things that have come up
   * CG to KG: status on sysadmin; waiting to bring up deve area on twiki

   * Gabriele: "VOServices provides an infrastructure for user registration and access authorization on the OSG" ; Ruth: " at the moment it is !Identification/Authorization/Policy ... in the end I come down on renaming !PolicyPublicationTrust to whatever Gabriele, Kyle and Anne agree on as the web" %BLUE% Has any doc been written yet so we know exactly what info we're dealing with? %ENDCOLOR%  Postpone shortterm, can be a subweb of VO; left bar is too big already.  Many webs dormant.  AH proposes to revamp 

---++ Marcia
   * generate the membership page automatically when there are new physical  institutions that appear in the registration %BLUE% they'll give marcia the info she needs to email new member and get info to post.%ENDCOLOR%  Status?
   * MonaLisa graph needs to be replaced (on "What is OSG" page). ML is deprecated and not  showing accurate information. MT is merging that page with http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About.  Status?

---++ Craig
   * Agreed to work on certificate doc; tentative deadline late July, I think I said  (Alain R says: "updated its CA certificate distribution to reflect 
the contents of the IGTF 1.14 distribution." AH has email with ref URLS, but doesn't know significance of this. Craig to follow-up please.)

---++ Forrest
   * Need expert review of GridUsersGuide to answer AH's red questions
      * Yep. I've gotten as far as I can. This requires an expert in the use of condor, etc.
   * Technical problem with twiki attachments: status?
      * It is a function of IUPUI's anti-virus scanning. So not a twiki problem. I believe that it is simply a policy of the university's computing center and the various parties have had a discussion. (This isn't mine. I think this is Chris's issue.)
   * "Started a new way so that readers could put in their own parameters and have them instead of our grid school ones. Unfortunately, that is what created the TWiki problem" (no reply yet from twiki community?)  readress in sept -- doesn't work now. (edu moving to better cms anyway)

      * Yep. We don't have our twiki configured properly. It was never really designed, just slapped up. IUPUI owns any solution.
   * (Condensed instruction materials available at [[Documentation/InstallingOsgClient]]. There are still links to [[ReleaseDocumentation/ClientInstallationGuide]]. What's difference?  Which should be used? done as root or nonroot?
      * People said to make a better installation procedure for the OSG client. Documentation.InstallingOsgClient is the _extended_ version that I created, pulling several missing elements that probably weren't issues for the original authors. It will be moved into ITB_0_7. Someone needs to decide if it should replace the version in ReleaseDocumentation.
   * update on twiki and skin
      * I no longer have any input into this. This issue is worked by IUPUI.
   * edu doc?  AH had asked FC to create stable link for users to access latest training doc in education twiki. Status?
      * It's unlikely to ever be there. They change the tutorials constantly. The best link is to point to http://www.opensciencegrid.osg/workshop/.
   * certif installation -- how does this compare with what's in CE install guide? (see prev mtg minutes for more cert issues) Status?
      * I simply put in a section into the extended installation procedure for the client. I found that I could not properly install my certificates using the information on OSG. I finally got an expert who had taken some notes to tell me how to do it. Management may want to make a decision on this.
   * Forrest and Chris: update on app porting; (from last meeting ETA:  end of June)  Where in twiki is it going?
      * Probably going to go into Documentation.PortingYourApplication. It's being worked. The content is actually pretty expansive. I'm limiting it to generalities and hoping that the experts assigned to assist people porting applications will provide the details specific to particular situations, which vary widely, especially if you move out of HEP and into another physics or different field.

---++ Chris
   * Site Test Summary pages: up and running?  Linked to from where? under the VO twiki? VORS?
not auto, but have some, go to user-support.opensciencegrid.org/site_tests,  name is auto picked from VO & subgroup (may fold role in, don't think so)
not intended as monitoring system. may put links in vo web for those he's run tests on. get to point where selling test kit. Then can advertise as such on website
   * Any doc for this (requested by Ruth)?
RP wants it, it's next on his list.
   * I want a new web site with a non-fermi, non-osg domain name -- who did you go through? (used helpdesk ticket; went to j inkman, talk to keith c)

---++ Anne
   * in FAQ: MonaLisa deprecated. What to replace "What is ML" with?  Gratia? "how do I monitor my usage?" (from Mats Rynge)
   * FAQ main page needs updating (has all my notes)
   * from my Gums page review:
      * Is this [[http://computing.fnal.gov/docs/products/voprivilege/][priv proj site]] still maintained? 
      * Is the [[http://grid.racf.bnl.gov/GUMS/guide_config_gums.html][bnl site]] still maintained? 
      * pacman -get ITB:gums <-- should be OSG:gums
      * Uses VDT link for getting GSI certs -- we need to consolidate the cert info. (handed to Craig)
      * There's a comment: gums.config needs to be maintained to include mappings for all active VOs in OSG - has this been remedied? how?
      * Bad link: OSG CE Authorization

---++ CE install guide
   * AH created [[Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE]["streamlined" guide for root install, Condor, full priv, no SE]]; still needs work, testing (not sure about firewall stuff; is Monalisa going away?). 
   * Problem with my making the docs under ITB_0_5?
   * *need review* of [[Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE]] -- Forrest, can you try?
      * haven't tested full privilege -- confirmed CE-PRIMA communication, that's all
      * haven't done WN, globus web services, monalisa, site verify
      * need to extend to any job manager (currently just for condor)

   * Need another common scenario to streamline -- JW says use gridmap instead of full priv
   * Need to go through UNL's guide to compare

---++ Old Links in twiki
   * clean up all old links in twiki -- we should each take a few pages each time.  

Assignments from May 1 -- status?

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/WebHome]] FC  -- done, some links missing, some docs not there %BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/MailingListsSubscribe]] KG -- done and ok%BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/MonALISA]]  AH -- done 5/14 %BR%

Assignments from May 15:
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/Trash/IntegrationGridWhatIs]] CG done (scrubbed refs to ML, gridcat dep'd, added vors links, KG to review.)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/ProductionGridWhatIs]] CG done ditto
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/WorkerNodeClient]] %BLUE%AH looked over, no links to speak of; still need to run through procedure%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/StorageElementAdmins]] %BLUE%Corrected links to Integration.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/GumsAdmins]] %BLUE%AH looked over, noted some questionable links; will try to run through procedure -- who's responsible for gums these days? Gab Garz%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[GenericInformationProviders]] %BLUE%KG -- done, updated some links%ENDCOLOR%

Assignments from May 29:
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallationAssistance]] AH

RQ -- comments on docs, work with integration group for next release; for changes to links, send to GOC.

---++ Action Items

Action items from 15 May:
   * AH to think about process for review and maintenance %BLUE%not done%ENDCOLOR% 
   * AH to follow up with VOs for VO/webhome page. Had sent originals 4/4 and 4/5/07
      * done: atlas, cdf(partly), ligo, engagement (mostly)
      * sent reminder 6/11 (giving arbitrary deadline of 7/31): cdf, dosar, GLOW, GROW, nanohub, cms, gadu, grase, gugrid, des, sdss, star, gpn, compbiogrid, mariachi.
   * AH to continue work on CE install, and to talk to RQ about "unfreeze" possibilities %BLUE%Nothing done is past couple of weeks; will discuss freeze issue with integ group%ENDCOLOR%

Action items from 29 May:
   * AH to come up with next review pages and assign
   * AH to invite Ben Clifford to attend one of next doc meetings re: training materials (will meet with him in person Wed 6/13, discuss then)
   * Start work on comprehensive twiki pages for certificates -- coalesce all the stuff that's out there.   Craig Prescott's group to do.


---

-- Main.AnneHeavey - 11 Jun 2007
