%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985934" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
---+ Documentation Project meeting agenda/minutes 3 Apr 07

   * Attending today: Anne, Craig, Kyle, Forrest, Chris G, Tim S
   * Last time: Forrest C, Anne H, Kyle G, Tim S, Rob Q, John !DeStefano
   * Who's still not on osg-docs maillist?
I forgot to ask this!  John D has joined

---++ Last meeting's action items
   * TS: update VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web for ops VOs %BLUE%(no changes in yet)%ENDCOLOR%
   * JD: update VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web for ATLAS  %BLUE%(no changes in yet)%ENDCOLOR%
   * FC: Look at CE install guide (will test on JW's test server)
   * FC: Clean up left bars and some other look and feel of twiki, will test it in Doc web, can replicate into ITB and Release docs. (KG to be liaison on admin side)  %BLUE%Looks like some changes made; I see "release doc" up top.%ENDCOLOR%
   * AH: Move end user doc to website; point users to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web, and put in contextual info  %BLUE%Started; see http://www.opensciencegrid.org/Getting_Started/Documentation; but need to change direction back to twiki.%ENDCOLOR%
   * Next meeting: talk to Chris/Abishek about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo urls and VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web links 

---+++ Updates of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web for Ops and Atlas
   * schedule?
Tim: will make some progress in next couple of weeks

John (sent email): I am in the process of establishing the
right group of people to get the information needed to update the ATLAS
VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo information. 

---+++ CE install guide test on JW test server
   * status?
Forrest -- haven't done yet; see how urgent it is, what prompted it -- take offline

---+++ Look and feel of doc twiki
   * status?
Forrest: nothing yet in production, implement first on dev twiki, then move to test twiki on cmssrv09...8443, then when EB signs off, move to prod; now: testing on pattern skin.

   * search function from Abishek: Please see the Edge Services twiki (towards the bottom of the 
page) - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/EdgeServices/WebHome

<verbatim>
<table align=right bgcolor="#EEEEEE"><tr valign="top"><td></td>
<td width="150" align="left" valign="top">
<form action="http://www.google.com/search" method="get">
<input type="hidden" name="sitesearch" value="twiki.grid.iu.edu">
<input type="hidden" name="q" value="+site:+twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/EdgeServices">
<input type="text" name="q" size="18" /><br /><input type="submit" value="Search ESF" /><br /> 
<font size="-2">Using Google</font>
</form>
</td></tr></table>
</verbatim>

Discussion on search: adv and disadv to both twiki and google searches. Best solution may be to provide both. Jen had asked to hide some twiki pages from google; this goes against.  But individual pages can be hidden with 
<verbatim>
Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.TWikiAdminGroup, Main.GridGroup
</verbatim>
This will limit viewing your topic to only valid TWiki users who have authenticated. Those people who do not have a TWiki account would not be able to see the topics.

---+++ End user doc
   * AH needs to work on; see "old knowledgebase pages" below
   * Ruth nixed the idea of moving user doc to web site; keep in in twiki
   * Forrest: Ruth asked about status of User Guide that you're working on; https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuide; most recent edit 01 Feb.

Forrest: what is meant by "user", above doc is complete, but not sufficient. Question about testing for accuracy.
Also: Need to know how to create/port app, the JDL, how to run app. Where, what are auth's, can my app get what it needs, etc. 

Forrest sent email post-meeting: I have started documenting what it will take to run a job on the OSG. See:
   * /Sandbox/ForrestChristianSandboxTesting
   * /Sandbox/ForrestChristianCanIRun
I think that the Porting The Application, which EGEE covers to great extent
in their documentation, is what we are missing.

---+++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo urls and VO !WebHome links
   * Talk with Chris G and Abishek
   * Want to point users to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo sites and to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo/WebHome for links to those sites and/or actual info provided by VO
   * as first pass, should we point to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo links from !VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo/WebHome?

CG: not necessarily -- different objective in VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS (getting registered); no pattern to the URLs; better to ask the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo contacts (get from GOC)

   * identify and approach VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo liaisons for end users  (AH to do; KG sent me url with names)
   * help users find accurate site information -- Is their VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo supported? Does their app run?
   * what are VOs asking for?  What do their users need?
   * (nixed) possible action item: go through some of these VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo urls, see if easy to navigate to instructions; if not, notify VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo responsible person

---++ Old knowledgebase pages from early '06
   * I have original text for each one
   * Which are relevant and can be used?
   * Which need updating?
   * What are other general topics that users would find helpful?
   * Some have already been transferred to the twiki by me last fall (I'll have to look at my records to see which ones)
   * Craig -- what do you plan to have your writers work on relative to this type of thing?  Can they start from these topics?

CP: Haven't hired yet, will be engineering students involved in all aspects of OSG. Write "how stuff works" articles, _empowering stories_,  e.g., "how does PKI work in context of grids"

   * Possible action item: AH, CP (interested in contextual doc) and CG (user liaison)  to go through topics, organize by user type or admin type, then check contents to see if need updating; get each page reviewed by expert

List of topics (starting with ones for which I find info in website or twiki):
   * How do I install OSG-(latest version) on my compute element? ReleaseDocumentation/CEInstallGuide
   * What is MonALISA, and how is it used in the OSG? /ReleaseDocumentation/MonALISA
   * What is a certificate?  Documentation/CertificateWhatIs
   * In the OSG, what is a Virtual Organization?       <<<---- Proposed update text in twiki under "how do I start a new vo"); /Documentation/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoWhatIs
   * How do I get started using OSG?  http://www.opensciencegrid.org/Getting_Started
   * In the OSG, what is the Integration Grid?  Documentation/IntegrationGridWhatIs
   * What does a Condor submission script look like?  Documentation/CondorScriptSamples
   * What is GridCat and where can I find it?  obsolete -- replace with VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS? http://vors.grid.iu.edu/documentation/index.html
   * In the OSG, what is the Production Grid?  Documentation/ProductionGridWhatIs
   * What is the Open Science Grid (OSG)?  http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/What_is_the_Open_Science_Grid%3F
   * What should I do if a security incident occurs on the OSG?  /Documentation/SecurityIncidentWhatToDo
   * How do I run a grid job using OSG?  Documentation/JobHowToRun
   * How do I install and use the Pacman software packaging tool?  /ReleaseDocumentation/PacmanInfo
   * What is the Grid Operations Center (GOC) and how do I contact it?  Documentation/GocWhatIs
   * Where can I find definitions for the terms used in grid computing?  http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/OSG_Glossary
   * How do I get or renew a PKI Personal Certificate?  Documentation/CertificateGet
   * How do I install the OSG client for use on my desktop?  ReleaseDocumentation/ClientInstallationGuide#Install_the_client_packages
   * How do I subscribe to OSG mailing lists, and which lists should I subscribe to?  Documentation/MailingListsSubscribe
   * What is MonALISA, and how is it used in the OSG? /ReleaseDocumentation/MonALISA

   * What are the requirements for storage on my OSG compute element? 
   * How should I configure storage on my OSG compute element? 
   * What are the local storage paths on my OSG compute element, and how are they used? 
   * In the OSG, what services are available? 
   * How do I activate and deactivate my Resource on the OSG GridCat?  obsolete -- replace with what?
   * Where can I get more information about the GLUE schema used in OSG? 
   * How can I find out who participates in the OSG? 
   * How do I provide authorization for users to my OSG compute element? %BR%
Integration/PrivilegeOSG %BR%

   * What should I do to shut down a previous version of the OSG before I upgrade? 
   * How should I configure storage on my OSG compute element? 
   * How can I help ensure that the next release of OSG software runs on my systems? 
   * What should I install on the worker nodes of my OSG compute element? 
   * Where can I get more information about Generic Information Providers (GIPs)? 
   * What should I name my OSG resource? 
   * What is SRM/DRM, and how do I set up a storage element on the OSG using SRM/DRM? 
   * How do I troubleshoot the edg-mkgridmap script? 
   * What scripts are available for working with certificates and certificate authorities? 
   * How do I troubleshoot my job if it does not run properly? 

Other topics I find, but not in original list (or I just couldn't find them in the list):
   * Users responsibilities regarding security  Documentation/SecurityUserResponsibilities
   * how are things packaged  Documentation/PackageDistributeOSG

---++ Action Items
   * Next meeting in two weeks: 17 April, 11a.m. chicago time
   * Please join osg-docs mailing list and get permissions to edit twiki, if not done already
   * AH to ask Kevin/Marcia: pull http://www.grid.iu.edu/osg-includes/sc.php page into website; make it look pretty %BLUE%done; see http://www.opensciencegrid.org/Support_Centers; fixed link in support page and support twiki %ENDCOLOR%
   * AH -- go through GOC list for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo liaisons, call them %BLUE% emailed most; VOs with no listed support emailed to goc %ENDCOLOR%
   * AH -- continue to go through old knowledgebase list to start identifying what needs updating
   * AH to ask John !DeStefano to do ATLAS pages in VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo table
   * Add google searches -- AH and FC to discuss how best to implement
   * Forrest -- continue stuff
   * Forrest and Anne -- check into what prompted CE install guide test
   * Tim -- ops VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Webhome
   * AH send to CP the Knowledgebase text files %BLUE%done, but CP hasn't confirmed receipt%ENDCOLOR%
   * Craig -- look over existing doc and old KB stuff
   * Chris -- no direct Action items, but put site peculiarities info, stay involved with Forrest's work on user guide by def of user

---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 04, 02 Apr 2007
