%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1180713951" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
---+ Documentation Project meeting agenda/minutes 29 May 07
Attending: FC, AH, MT, CG, KG, TS

---++ Things that have come up

---++ With Marcia
   * "Could you talk to Kyle and Rob about how you might generate the membership page automatically when there are new physical  institutions that appear in the registration?" from Ruth
      * Sounds like there's manual intervention involved -- how to handle? %BLUE% they'll give marcia the info she needs to email new member and get info to post.%ENDCOLOR%
   * we can restrict !DocsComm, just need to make it clear on twiki home page and left nav bar (Marcia to do)  (use allowwebview, then set web to be private)  member of griduser or admin group, can see,  %BLUE% done%ENDCOLOR%

   * there was something else that Ruth mentioned...

---++ Forrest
   * update on twiki and skin (no idea), test environment (sec issues: no reply yet from twiki community) all is restored
   * update on user doc (no update today)
   * update on CE client install as nonroot (RQ had successfully installed as nonroot), resolved/ was a fermilab issue
      * question: itb_0_5, ask RQ and RG if ok to write there -- bring up at integ meeting (AH)
   * certif installation -- how does this compare with what's in CE install guide? 
      * should not have kca as primary in any voms reg; use doe as primary
      * do not register twice, reg once and have two certs. Fix problem in fermi documentation
      * users guide to cert use: include -- if I renew doe cert, do I have to do anything in VOMRS
      * osg doc, fermi docs, google searches -- not obvious how to do this (FC)
      * need troubleshooting on cert issues
   * update on app porting;  ETA:  end of June
      * Bottom line: "it hurts" and "know your application" !! (this waiting on edu stuff for FC)

---++ Chris
   * update on Site Test Summary pages: user-support.opensc... domain hosted by fnal, run out of afs space (currently points to user support twiki); 
   * Still true?  CG will make web site available under the VO twiki; maybe a link from VORS (too soon to tell)
      * CG- have'nt updated last run; RP tasked him to get doc together and some under-the-hood cleanup (by end of week)

---++ Anne
   * need review of [[Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE]]
   * haven't tested full privilege -- confirmed CE-PRIMA communication, that's all
   * haven't done WN, globus web services, monalisa, site verify
   * need to extend to any job manager (currently just for condor)

---++ CE install guide
   * AH created [[Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE]["streamlined" guide for root install, Condor, full priv, no SE]]; still needs work, testing (not sure about firewall stuff; is Monalisa going away?). 
   * Need another common scenario to streamline -- JW says use gridmap instead of full priv
   * Need to go through UNL's guide to compare

---++ Old Links in twiki
   * clean up all old links in twiki -- we should each take a few pages each time.  

Assignments from May 1 -- status?

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/WebHome]] FC  -- done, some links missing, some docs not there %BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/MailingListsSubscribe]] KG -- done and ok%BR%
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/MonALISA]]  AH -- done 5/14 %BR%

Assignments from May 15:
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/IntegrationGridWhatIs]] CG
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/ProductionGridWhatIs]] CG 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/WorkerNodeClient]] %BLUE%AH looked over, no links to speak of; will run through procedure%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/StorageElementAdmins]] %BLUE%Corrected links to Integration.%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/GumsAdmins]] %BLUE%AH looked over, noted some questionable links; will try to run through procedure -- who's responsible for gums these days? Gab Garz%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[GenericInformationProviders]] %BLUE%KG -- done, updated some links%ENDCOLOR%

Assignments from May 29:
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallationAssistance]] AH

RQ -- comments on docs, work with integration group for next release; for changes to links, send to GOC.

---++ Action Items

   * FC mentions tagging plug-in, heavily used, stable

Action items from 15 May:
   * AH to think about process for review and maintenance %BLUE%not done%ENDCOLOR% 
   * AH to follow up with VOs for VO/webhome page%BLUE%not done%ENDCOLOR%
   * AH to continue work on CE install, and to talk to RQ about "unfreeze" possibilities %BLUE%Am continuing; will hold off on freeze issue%ENDCOLOR%
   * AH, FC, CG, KG to review assigned pages for old links
   * Mats Rynge from RENCI to review FAQ -- AH sent email asking for feedback (and if ready, to take part in this call)
   * AH asked FC to create stable link for users to access latest training doc in education twiki

   * Question from CG to KG: tick 3512 (redirect for protected twiki page)

Action items from 29 May:
   * AH to come up with next review pages and assign
   * AH to invite Ben Clifford to attend one of next doc meetings re: training materials
   * AH to continue with CE install guide -- get through site verify, do WN part, extend to any job manager; discuss with integ group where to put pages
   * Start work on comprehensive twiki pages for certificates -- coalesce all the stuff that's out there.  Would like to pass this off to somebody... (AH emailed Craig Prescott asking if his group can do it)
---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 22 May 2007

