%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1184001436" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+ Documentation Project meeting agenda/minutes 10 Jul 07
Attending: 

---++ Things that have come up
   * Effort to coordinate user doc and education doc (I've asked new education coordinator, Alina Bejan, to join these meetings)
   * Tim S and gums doc: Tim, could you please resolve differences between the doc you created and what's at [[ReleaseDocumentation/OsgCEAuthorization]]?  Then we'll talk and figure out how to coordinate that doc for next release.
   * We need to look at release doc table, figure out how to organize and order it (would like to have strawman before talking with RWG and small group (explained farther down))
   * I'd like to get Integration.ITB_0_7.AdminDocCE in better shape soon.  Knowledgeable volunteer to review and suggest/make improvements? %RED% Steve Timm? Maybe one of the Nebraska people. Main.ChrisGreen suggests Horst.  %ENDCOLOR%

---++ Last time
   * CG to KG: status on sysadmin; waiting to bring up deve area on twiki (26 Jun; AH doesn't remember what action item was for this)
   * AH emailed Gabriele, haven't heard back yet on VOServices, where to put info.

---++ Tim S
   * Status on resolving differences between the doc you created and what's at [[ReleaseDocumentation/OsgCEAuthorization]]
   * Then we'll talk and figure out how to coordinate that doc for next release.

---++ Craig
   * Hired a student (AH doesn't know name yet)
   * Thinks cert doc progress in 3-5 weeks (Alain R says: "updated its CA certificate distribution to reflect the contents of the IGTF 1.14 distribution." AH has email with ref URLS, but doesn't know significance of this. Will need follow-up please.)
   * Will send to Fermilab for sysadmin meeting end of July, plus extra day or two

---++ Forrest

   * Documentation.InstallingOsgClient is the _extended_ version that I created... It will be moved into ITB_0_7. Someone needs to decide if it should replace the version in ReleaseDocumentation. %BLUE%This needs to be part of the discussion for RWG "small group" for 080 doc%ENDCOLOR%
   * Forrest and Chris: update on app porting; (from last meeting ETA:  end of June)  Documentation.PortingYourApplication.  Status? %RED%EFC: I'm out of hours on OSG until July so it won't be worked until then.%ENDCOLOR%
From an email Forrest composed Tues 6/19:
   * "meta question being avoided here (Tim's Gums issue): why couldn't he accomplish this using the interface provided by the software? There may be a design or integration shortcoming that would eliminate the need for documentation."  Discussion?  Bring it up in integration meeting?
   * "our interface design is very poorly designed. We should move to 4.1 first since it changes some of the underlying technology. But the twiki interface is not serving anyone. Some of that is structural: having every Activity have their own web was a weird design choice that has turned out to be detrimental for the users."  Discussion?

---++ Chris
d35 1
---++ Anne
   * Ruth's email of 6/28 about VO (in regular website, not twiki) -- AH to address
   * for scidac handout I looked through and made some changes to:
      * edited Documentation/CertificateGet
      * ReleaseDocumentation/ClientInstallationGuide doesn't say upfront that you need linux; doesn't say why you might want to install as root or not; when it links to Pacman Guide, there needs to be a sentence at end of pacman install "you've finished pacman install"; ITB vs OSG instructions unclear; points to ReleaseDocumentation/CertScripts#FAQ (need to reconcile with cert stuff in FAQ); 
      * Forrest's client install is at Documentation/InstallingOsgClient.   IT IS BETTER THAN THE OFFICIAL RELEASE DOC GUIDE.
      * [[Integration/ITB_0_5/LocalStorageConfiguration]] may need some work

   * in FAQ:   "how do I monitor my usage?" (from Mats Rynge) --- %BLUE%I haven't thought about this since last time; I think it was some combo of gratia, VORS, ... suggestions by knowledgeable people welcome!%ENDCOLOR% %RED% Extending gratia with metrics (Tim and possibly Arvind?). GOC metrics stuff is just for their tickets. NEed to make sure that the FAQ isn't providing misleading information.  %ENDCOLOR%
   * Spent time this last week updating [[Documentation/UserDocEndUser]]; created some new pages; there are some topics on this page that I don't know info for, e.g., how to monitor and cancel jobs (common theme here!) and how to retrieve results.  Can we document general things for condor, globus, etc. at least?  A lot of this is VO or app-specific, I know. %RED%  %ENDCOLOR%
   * FAQ main page needs updating (has all my notes)
   * (from last time) from my Gums page review:
      * Is this [[http://computing.fnal.gov/docs/products/voprivilege/][priv proj site]] still maintained? 
      * Is the [[http://grid.racf.bnl.gov/GUMS/guide_config_gums.html][bnl site]] still maintained? 
      * pacman -get ITB:gums <-- should be OSG:gums
      * Uses VDT link for getting GSI certs -- we need to consolidate the cert info. (handed to Craig)
      * There's a comment: gums.config needs to be maintained to include mappings for all active VOs in OSG - has this been remedied? how?
      * Bad link: OSG CE Authorization

CE install guide
   * [[Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE]["streamlined" guide for root install, Condor, full priv, no SE]]; . 
   * AH talked w John Weigand about my CE install guide-- he had comments; I will retry install
   * Alina B agreed to try the install guide
   * RWG proposes putting together small group to address release doc prep for 080 and what to do with doc like my new ce install guide.  Ball's in his court for that.
   * Need another common scenario to streamline -- JW says use gridmap instead of full priv, generalize to any job manager
   * Need to go through UNL's guide to compare

---++ Old Links in twiki (page reviews)
   * clean up all old links in twiki -- we should each take a few pages each time.  
      * see previous minutes for what's done
For this week
   * Integration/ITB_0_5/LocalStorageConfiguration -- could use some work -- volunteer?
   * FAQ main page (Anne)
   * GUMS/priv config pages (Tim)
   * storage (Forrest could you point me to what's there so we can see what we're missing) %RED% EFC: Storage materials start at Documentation.StorageMain plus the Integration.ITB_0_7.LocalStorageConfiguration materials. The Documentation web has general information about dCache and GridFTP, as associated with storage elements and their use.%ENDCOLOR%
   * Education main page [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/Education_and_Training]] - Alina, could you go through with Mike W?

---++ Previous Action Items
d66 1
   * AH to think about process for review and maintenance %BLUE%not done%ENDCOLOR% 
   * AH to follow up with VOs for VO/webhome page. (Some done, see prev meeting minutes)
   * AH to follow up with VOs for VO/webhome page. Had sent originals 4/4 and 4/5/07 %BLUE%Some progress made!%ENDCOLOR%
      * done: atlas, cdf(partly), ligo, engagement (mostly)
      * sent reminder 6/11 (giving arbitrary deadline of 7/31): cdf, dosar, GLOW, GROW, nanohub, cms, gadu, grase, gugrid, des, sdss, star, gpn, compbiogrid, mariachi.
   * AH to invite Ben Clifford to attend one of next doc meetings re: training materials %BLUE%(met with him in person Wed 6/13, he and group are planning to put tutorials in a CVS type thing by Sept probably; leave other edu info in twiki; I asked for a stable link for "latest and greatest" tutorial info)%ENDCOLOR%

---++ Action Items
   * Forrest's certif installation in installing osg client -- %BLUE%Forrest, please make sure Craig is aware of this%ENDCOLOR%
   * Need expert review of GridUsersGuide to answer AH's red questions  --- %BLUE% Did we pick somebody to do this?%ENDCOLOR%
   * TS to look into gums config, CE side issues
   * AH: streamlined ce install; retry
   * AB: try this install guide when get go-ahead from AH
   * review pages as listed above
   
   
   * meeting Aug 1 has been changed to new format for documentation.
      * 
---


-- Main.AnneHeavey - 26 Jun 2007




-- Main.AnneHeavey - 09 Jul 2007
