%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1177432329" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
---+ Documentation Project meeting agenda/minutes 17 Apr 07 and continuing 24 April

Will need to continue on 24 Apr 07 since didn't get through agenda
   * Anne, Forrest (for the start only), Chris G, Tim S, Rob Q, John W (for ceinstallguide issue), John D -- missing anyone?
   * Last time: Anne, Craig, Kyle, Forrest, Chris G, Tim S

   * 4/24 Anne, Chris, John D, Tim and Kyle

---++ Things that have come up
---+++ Update WBS on Tech writing effort
Currently reads as 0% done for Tech writing, user documentation.  How far are we? (note to self: I have to update by Fri 4/20)
   * This is a number which can never reach 100%!  We agreed on 30% for now. AH to update WBS.

---+++ Chris G's Site Test Summary pages [[http://home.fnal.gov/~greenc/site_tests/Engage_20070417/]]

Ruth wants them integrated into the GOC validation/monitoring pages and VORS really because it makes people think about different views of information. %BR%
Preferred solution by Chris: %BR%
Use AFS and host an opensciencegrid.org address on the main FNAL server -- Keith tells me this is technically possible and reasonably straightforward. 
The technical part of the solution would be as follows:

Get an IP address attached to an opensciencegrid.org name (eg votests.opensciencegrid.org or usersupport.opensciencegrid.org); 
Have the web masters use this as a virtual host on the main server attached to some amount of project web space (say 2GB); 
Assign AFS admin privileges to a suitable list of people (eg me, Anne, Forrest).

Minutes: %BR%
Lots of discussion about relationship/duplication of CG's test suite and effort to create probes interoperable with LCG. We agreed they're different. Main "different" feature of CG's is that app owner can easily add own tests and info requests.  RQ says it wouldn't be easy to add that into the other probe effort for I/O standardization reasons, so keep projects separate.

   * RQ will ask colleague (Arvend? didn't catch name) to look at CG's stuff, then get back to him.
   * RQ will ask Ruth about hosting CG's web pages at GOC, and get back to CG
   * CG will make decision about whether to host at FNAL under opensciencegrid name, or at GOC.
   * CG will make web site available under the VO twiki; maybe a link from VORS (too soon to tell)

Kyle: this may have more to do with integration than doc,  %BR%
Chris: for doc, where do I host the results of tests that I do?

---+++ New pages from old !KnowledgeBase, need review by SMEs
   * AH has gone through existing KB pages, and created FAQ at [[Documentation/OsgFaq]]. I've made notes right on that page.
   * We need to assign SMEs to review and update.  Let's pick candidates and send out requests.
   
%RED%This is as far as we got; will schedule a meeting next week to finish agenda.%ENDCOLOR%
   * Have process in place so doc is kept up to date (Tim, Kyle -- can't commit,, but stretched thin at GOC)
   * AH to find other reviewers
   * collab side to get doc written by SMEs, ship to tech writers
   * AH to start thought process on what process to have
   * good type of reviewer -- newbie
   
John -- atlas review -- 

---++ AH met with UNL CMS T2 last friday
They had complaints about the documentation
   * CE install guide too long, unweildy, comprehensive; they suggest adding simpler guide: picking the most usual path and just giving the recipe. See http://t2.unl.edu/documentation/installing_vdt for an example
   * make navigation to it very easy and clear
   * clean up all old links in twiki

Minutes: %BR%
   * Tension between one long page that has everything, and many short pages.  AH to look into further.
   * Issue is that choices depend on setup of local environment
   * GOC concerned that without comprehensive guide, they'll get bombarded with questions
   * we looked at UNL's page, and for instance, they say "run a script" but don't say how to answer all the questions that the script asks
   * Maybe pull out "overview", "preinstall" (local env setup), "set up a cluster", "jobmanager" and other sections, and just provide links...
   * TS pointed out that ceinstallguide hard to follow cause order not chronological; suggested we look at the summer grid school pages
   * AH will need to talk to the people requesting simpler instructions and admins like Steve Timm who know what needs to be there and what can be pulled out

---++ Last meeting's action items
   * Please join osg-docs mailing list and get permissions to edit twiki, if not done already (AH added "stragglers"!)
   * AH to ask Kevin/Marcia: pull http://www.grid.iu.edu/osg-includes/sc.php page into website; make it look pretty %BLUE%done; see http://www.opensciencegrid.org/Support_Centers; fixed link in support page and support twiki %ENDCOLOR%
   * AH -- go through GOC list for VO liaisons, call them %BLUE% emailed most; VOs with no listed support emailed to goc %ENDCOLOR%
   * AH -- continue to go through old knowledgebase list to start identifying what needs updating %BLUE%done; notes on faq page %ENDCOLOR%
   * AH to ask John !DeStefano to do ATLAS pages in VO table %BLUE%looks to be done; no review done%ENDCOLOR%
   * Add google searches -- AH and FC to discuss how best to implement
   * Forrest -- continue stuff
   * Forrest and Anne -- check into what prompted CE install guide test
   * Tim -- ops VO Webhome %BLUE%looks to be done; no review done%ENDCOLOR%
   * AH send to CP the Knowledgebase text files %BLUE%done, but CP hasn't confirmed receipt%ENDCOLOR%
   * Craig -- look over existing doc and old KB stuff
   * Chris -- no direct Action items, but put site peculiarities info, stay involved with Forrest's work on user guide by def of user

---+++ Updates of VO web for Ops and Atlas
   * schedule?
Last time: Tim: will make some progress in next couple of weeks

John (sent email): I am in the process of establishing the
right group of people to get the information needed to update the ATLAS
VO information. 

---+++ CE install guide test on JW test server
   * status?
last time: Forrest -- haven't done yet; see how urgent it is, what prompted it -- take offline

---+++ Look and feel of doc twiki
   * status?
last time: Forrest: nothing yet in production, implement first on dev twiki, then move to test twiki on cmssrv09...8443, then when EB signs off, move to prod; now: testing on pattern skin.


---+++ End user doc
last time:
   * AH needs to work on; see "old knowledgebase pages" below
   * Ruth nixed the idea of moving user doc to web site; keep in in twiki
   * Forrest: Ruth asked about status of User Guide that you're working on; https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuide; most recent edit 01 Feb.

last time: Forrest: what is meant by "user", above doc is complete, but not sufficient. Question about testing for accuracy.
Also: Need to know how to create/port app, the JDL, how to run app. Where, what are auth's, can my app get what it needs, etc. 

Forrest sent email post-meeting 3 Apr: I have started documenting what it will take to run a job on the OSG. See:
   * /Sandbox/ForrestChristianSandboxTesting
   * /Sandbox/ForrestChristianCanIRun
I think that the Porting The Application, which EGEE covers to great extent
in their documentation, is what we are missing.

---+++ VORS VO urls and VO !WebHome links
last time
   * Talk with Chris G and Abishek
   * Want to point users to VO sites and to VO/WebHome for links to those sites and/or actual info provided by VO
   * as first pass, should we point to VORS VO links from !VO/WebHome?

CG: not necessarily -- different objective in VORS (getting registered); no pattern to the URLs; better to ask the VO contacts (get from GOC)

   * identify and approach VO liaisons for end users  (AH to do; KG sent me url with names)
   * help users find accurate site information -- Is their VO supported? Does their app run?
   * what are VOs asking for?  What do their users need?
   * (nixed) possible action item: go through some of these VO urls, see if easy to navigate to instructions; if not, notify VO responsible person



---++ Action Items
 From above 17 apr 07:
   * AH to update wbs
   * RQ will ask colleague (Arvend? didn't catch name) to look at CG's stuff, then get back to him.
   * RQ will ask Ruth about hosting CG's web pages at GOC, and get back to CG
   * CG will make decision about whether to host at FNAL under opensciencegrid name, or at GOC.
   * CG will make web site available under the VO twiki; maybe a link from VORS (too soon to tell)
   * AH will need to talk to the people requesting simpler instructions and admins like Steve Timm who know what needs to be there and what can be pulled out

From 24 apr 07 (2nd half of meeting):
   * AH to think about process for review and maintenance
   * AH to talk to Ruth about who to review FAQ -- docs group already busy at 110%
   * AH to follow up with VOs for VO/webhome page


---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 17, 04, 02 Apr 2007
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 17 Apr 2007 - Change example site test page to today's latest.
