%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285015" format="1.1" version="1.9"}%
---+ Documentation Project meeting agenda/minutes 24 Jul 07
Asked to attend: Rob G, Rob Q, Forrest, Alina, Chris, Shaowen, Siddhartha, Anne %BR%
Attending: RQ, TS, KG, AH, EFC, SS, CG, MR
---++ Things that have come up

   * Users meeting this Thurs/Fri: for doc, what do we need to communicate?
      * Some details/thoughts about user meeting in [[DocProjectMinutes10Jul07]]
      * One thing: how to encourage VOs to provide their own end-user doc. How much do we need to help them?
      * Shaowen -- progress on consolidating troubleshooting doc? (RQ: Shaowen's talked to his guys about it)
      * Anne -- I've worked on [[Documentation/WebHome]] and some attached pages
Chris: ask RQ, coordinate slides on vors.  Ask FC to help with discussion session on porting Fri pm (he may not be able to;)

Shaowen not at meeting Thurs


   * EOT/Doc meeting Aug 1; see indico schedule [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1056]]
      * Also see [[DocsComm/PlanningForEotDocEffort]]
      * Prep: need to work through spreadsheets with Rob G and maybe Rob Q.  When to do? (I'm updating still this week)
AH to meet with RQ and RG while they're here this/next week

      * Siddhartha (new) from UFL will go through [[Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE]]. 
      * He will be creating sysadmin tutorial materials.  We want these tutorials to overlap with actual sysadmin doc as much as possible.  Planning for this is one important goal for this meeting.

   * RWG:  integration "small group" to look at release doc.  Ideas, status, etc.?

   * Response from Steve Timm about "osg client lite"; Chris please add your thoughts.

<blockquote style="font-family:monospace">

I received Chris' ticket on this about a month ago and it was assigned a fairly low priority in my queue by my management chain.

There are two slightly different questions here.

a) If you have an account on some other machine that already has got an OSG client installed, for example fnpcsrv1 and soon to be fnalu as well, then you don't have to go through all the rigamarole of installing the OSG client on your laptop or anywhere else.

That's what I thought Chris was asking for, .i.e. given that you have a good installed OSG client somewhere else, how do you get a cert, get into a VO, and start submitting jobs.

the b) question can be done too, and in fact in the twiki there are instructions about how to do this; I wrote them myself.

ReleaseDocumentation.MinimalCondorHints

But it's my personal opinion that we should have as few people as possible install the client to their laptops, either in the minimal configuration as described in the link above, or in its default configuration.  There are just too many ways to configure it insecurely, and nobody in OSG or <nop>FermiGrid or anywhere has a handle on how to handle an incident with insecure clients and making sure they get upgraded int a timely fashion.

So what is it you are really looking for documentation-wise, (a), or (b)?

</blockquote>
CG: wanted an answer like this; suspects this is sufficient; some people will want a lite client; getting this info into doc where people can find it is the answer we want.

AH: will look at where to put this.

---++ Tim S
   * Tim to look into consolidating all this authorization info.  Status? _Nothing yet. I've definitely had it on my mind, but too many other tasks taking precedence._
   * Need to figure out how to coordinate that doc for next release.

AH and TS -- plan to meet next week!

---++ Alina
   * Will try new "streamlined" guide when I tell her it's ready. (as of Mon 7/23 not ready)
   * Education main page [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/About/Education_and_Training]] - Alina, did/could you go through with Mike W?

---++ UFL (Craig, Paul, Siddhartha)
   * %BLUE%Anne put this on hold -- lower priority than sysadmin tutorial doc. %ENDCOLOR% Thinks cert doc progress in 3-5 weeks (Alain R says: "updated its CA certificate distribution to reflect the contents of the IGTF 1.14 distribution." AH has email with ref URLS, but doesn't know significance of this. Will need follow-up please.)
   * Siddhartha (new hire) will come to Fermilab for sysadmin meeting end of July, and stay through Th Aug 2 to discuss doc. 

---++ Forrest (and Chris)

   * Documentation.InstallingOsgClient is the _extended_ version that I created... It will be moved into ITB_0_7. Someone needs to decide if it should replace the version in ReleaseDocumentation. %BLUE%This needs to be part of the discussion for RWG "small group" for 080 doc%ENDCOLOR%
   * app porting page: would be nice to have ready by users meeting, but no time.  FC points to red books for now. Documentation.PortingYourApplications

CG to read to come up w talking poits for Friday

   * CG to KG: status on sysadmin; waiting to bring up deve area on twiki  Status: waiting (not urgent)



---++ Anne
   * Ruth's email of 6/28 about VO (in regular website, not twiki) -- AH to address
   * We need to look at release doc table, figure out how to organize and order it (AH working on spreadsheets; this is prep for Aug 1 mtg)

CE install guide
   * Need to finish 2nd round of install with JW's changes; then to hand over to Siddhartha. He should start soon, though, even if I'm not done.

---++ Old Links in twiki (page reviews)
   * clean up all old links in twiki -- we should each take a few pages each time.  
      * see previous minutes for what's done
For this week (I didn't have time to plan for this)
 
---++ Action items DONE:
   * AH to go over FAQ with EBerman 
   * AH to bring up to RP & co that doc requires more effort 
   * AH to put together users meeting presentation (include "expectation of simplicity" issue)
   * AH to follow up with Craig about new hire 
   * AH to contact Edu group;  (and we conferred with Chander about WBS for yr 2)
   * Expert review of GridUsersGuide to answer AH's red questions  -- Nicolai Kuropatkin has agreed to do this before the users meeting.

---++ New action items
   * JWeigand says I should mention gratia probes in my ce install guide.  What sort of info does installer need to know besides "globus-condor-setup includes the probes"? %BR%
CG 10july: note after the install check x config file to be sure it says right thing.  common mech: multiple batch systems on ce. then need to run config command by hand.  CG to provide gratia config info. %BLUE% Not done; AH would like to hand this over to Siddhartha%ENDCOLOR%

   * Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB_0_5/LocalStorageConfiguration -- could use some work -- volunteer? Forrest?
   * VO Services doc (Gabriele G) needs integration into twiki -- I asked Gabriele for an outline; will remind him.

---++ Other Action items from past meetings
   * AH to think about process for review and maintenance %BLUE%not done (can't seem to get to it!)%ENDCOLOR% 
   * Forrest's certif installation in installing osg client -- %BLUE%Forrest, please make sure Craig and new hire are aware of this%ENDCOLOR%
   * AH to check Trash.Trash/IntegrationCESiteAdminGuide vs ce install guide (then ask Horst to review)
   * AH to finish 2nd round of "streamlined" ce install guide
   * AH to do website VO changes per Ruth.

   * EFC: Once he has OSG hours again: update FAQ (link?) with EBerman's comments; Documentation.PortingYourApplication, Documentation.LocalStorageConfiguration; 

Issues for integration/RWG discussions:
   * replace osg client install in release doc with EFC's [[Documentation/InstallingOsgClient]]
   * organization of release doc table
   * design or integ shortcoming that would eliminate need for some doc?
   * twiki interface design -- move to 4.1 to change some underlying technology; structure is confusing.
   * put in GG's VO services info
   * address organization of webs, a la Forrest's [[DocsComm/TWikiRestructuring]]
   
---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 23 Jul 2007
