%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985934" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+ Documentation Project Meeting Agenda and Minutes 20 March 2007, 11 a.m. CDT

Attendees:  Forrest C, Anne H, Kyle G, Tim S, Rob Q, John !DeStefano

---++ Scheduling
Does this day/time work?  If not, what does?
   * fine for those attending so far
   * every other week for 20 weeks (takes us roughly through end of summer)
   * next one  April 03, 2007, 11:00 AM America/Chicago
   * Call: 510-665-5437
   * Meeting ID: 8409

Anne is away next week, Mar 26-30.

---++ Our roles
   * Anne and Forrest -- coordinate, write some OSG-wide info, polish contributed info,
      * FC: some things we don't know cause don't do it, we're encouraging users to document
      * E.g., in integ group, people willing to use it as collab space, the culture is now there; other people uneasy about editing twiki;
      * RQ: what is ops role in this:
      * FC: make user experience such that when in release doc, users know they're there; idea: move extraneous things from release doc and doc webs
      * Releas doc stays in twiki
      * Problem: users see Documentation before they see Release Doc. 
      * Suggestion: separate out internal and researchers stuff (user, admin)
   * Chris and Abishek -- coordinate with user VOs; find out what doc/info they need to be successful; communicate that to this meeting
   * Craig and his future writers -- provide contextual explanations?
   * John D -- provide some tech writing? Not sure how much for Atlas, how much for OSG.
      * About John: BNL, usatlas, web dev, admin, h/w install, and doc on can-do basis, very limited exp in OSG, not much time for doc lately, has created web sites for users
      * AH asked JD to fill in the atlas VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo page
   * Rob Q, Tim S -- keep us up-to-date on issues from operations, maintain info for operations VOs (OSG, OSGEDU, MIS, IVDGL OPS !GridEx)
   * Kyle -- keep twiki maintained, not sure...
      * hoping focus on writing user doc; need better writing and better org, e.g., CE install instructions (some details follow sections where you need them, not after)
      * wants quick set of instructions, links off to details
      * clean install vs upgrade -- tailor to each to clarify, notes, links, not separate docs
      * FC -- is easy to have separate sets, everything pulled in as modules
    
---++ End-user doc
   * idea: move current end-user doc from twiki to web site (mostly contextual/explanatory/introductory info)
   * point users to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo sites and to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo/WebHome for links to those sites and/or actual info provided by VO
      * FC: how much of the info on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web gets published in glue schema or info provider (on ops side)?  e.g., how to join vo, how to access vo/site resources
      * RQ: glue schema, min info on site (name, dns, ), nothing on VO; where dirs are, available space, not adminis details
      * FC: in GIP? access, policy (RQ - very little there), GOC stores some info -- ask for site URL in reg db
      * FC: make sense to point to display of that info?  Looking for what's already done
      * Kyle -- yes, it could use more info; site and policy page on OSG site, sorted by support center
      * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS has VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo info (John Rosheck main admin, ops responsibilty)
   * identify and approach VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo liaisons for end users
   * help users find accurate site information -- Is their VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo supported? Does their app run?
      * it sounds like VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS is missing some info relative to !GridCat ... Rob, can you summarize situation?
         * RQ: can't find info for storage elements, being worked on now and close; CE everything avail by GIP or VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS (tool behind VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS, site_verify and gridscan) storage_verify is developed and gridscan, now getting this info into VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS and what's red vs green and so on.  Users can find everything on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS page.
      * RQ many more bdii glue pieces of data, here we show only a small subset; can query info system directly query bdii or cemon data.
      * what are users doing
      * what are VOs doing to take care of this for users?

---++ Admin doc
   * Identify different roles -- what are we missing on Documentation/WebHome ?

---++ Twiki structure
   * I asked Forrest to redesign the TOC for the documentation web. Users shouldn't have to see all the atwork webs listed.
 
---++ Action items
   * TS: update VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web for ops VOs
   * JD: update VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web for ATLAS
   * FC: Look at CE install guide (will test on JW's test server)
   * FC: Clean up left bars and some other look and feel of twiki, will test it in Doc web, can replicate into ITB and Release docs. (KG to be liaison on admin side)
   * AH: Move end user doc to website; point users to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web, and put in contextual info
      * FC comments: things are stabilizing, so doesn't change so often; make things easily findable by researchers
   * Next meeting: talk to Chris/Abishek about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo urls and VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web links

-- Main.AnneHeavey - 19 Mar 2007
