%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1162871175" format="1.1" reprev="1.22" version="1.22"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ OSG Documentation Project

This project, part of the OSG Documentation Technical Activity, is focused on *communication* and *documentation* for the OSG.  Specifically, it encompasses technical and non-technical documentation; education, training and outreach; the OSG web portal; and the OSG Twiki.
  
d7 1
%TOC%

---++ About Creating Twiki Pages
---+++!!Call for Contributions for Documentation Activity

The is the twiki space to be used to organize various OSG web development activities. It is a resource available to, and editable by, all OSG users (if you're new, register at [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/TWiki/TWikiRegistration][TWikiRegistration]]; Leigh will then have to add you to the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Main/GridGroup][GridGroup]] to allow write access. To edit content, click on the 'Edit' button at either the top or bottom of any page and you will see how the pages are constructed. Simply add new text and click 'Preview' then (if it looks okay) click on 'Save'. Creating new pages happens automatically whenever you write a new (i.e. currently unused) [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/TWiki/WikiWord][WikiWord]]. This is denoted by a ? after the word - clicking on the ? creates the new [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/TWiki/WikiWord][WikiWord]] (also known as a 'topic'). Please feel free to correct any mistakes, and to add new information (using _[[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/TWiki/GoodStyle][GoodStyle]]_ of course)!

---+++ Process for Changing Public Operations Pages
   Since we will be making recommendations and changing things rapidly in the next few weeks, while needing to retain consistency and coherence, content Tsar's have been appointed for each of the sections to have direct content control to the development Mambo instance. The intention is to have a nightly update of the prodution operations pages. There is a 4:30 phonecon scheduled every day to provide opportunity to discuss issue regarding the update. Persons with concerns about the daily update are expected to attend.
---++++ WebBestPractices
This guide will contain general agreements about what styles we want to use for the Public OSG Website (not OSG@Work) and things we want to avoid.
Documentation.WebBestPractices - This guide contains information on formatting and styles we want to use for the Public web site (not OSG At Work) and things we wish to avoid.

---++++ Content Tsars
%EDITTABLE{ header="|  *Content*  |  *Tsars*  |" format="| textarea, 3x30 | textarea, 3x50 |" changerows="on" quietsave="on" editbutton="Edit table" }%
|  *Content*  |  *Tsars*  |
| [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/][OSG homepage]] (mambo site) | [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth]], Katie, [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope]], [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia]] |
| [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/consortium][About OSG]] | [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth]], [[Main. MariHerrera][Mari]], [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope]], [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia]] |
| [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/OSG][Using OSG]] | Frank, Torre, [[Main.LeighGrund][Leigh]] |
| Grid Support | [[Main.LeighGrund][Leigh]], [[Main.RobQ][Rob Q]] |
| OSG Security | Don P, Bob C, [[Main.DougOlson][Doug O]] |
| Monitoring | Mark Green, [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth]], ? |
| Documentation | [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth]], [[Main. MariHerrera][Mari]], [[Main.LeighGrund][Leigh]] |
 
---++++ TWiki Maintainters
%EDITTABLE{ header="|  *TWiki*  |  *Maintainers*  |" format="| textarea, 3x50 | textarea, 3x50 |" changerows="on" quietsave="on" editbutton="Edit table" }%
|  *TWiki*  |  *Maintainers*  |
| Architecture and Principles | [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth]] |
| Deployment Activity | Work of the Executive Team - [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth]], [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia]], [[Main.AnneHeavey][Anne]] |
| Documentation Infrastructure | [[Main.MarciaTeckenbrock][Marcia]], Kyle |
| OSG Integration Activity | [[Main.LeighGrund][Leigh]], [[Main.RobQ][Rob]] |
| OSG Interoperability | _need someone to take responsibility for this; find someone in a month  or two_ |
| OSG Monitoring and Information Services |  _need to identify someone_  |
| OSG Operations Activity | [[Main.LeighGrund][Leigh]], [[Main.RobQ][Rob]]  |
| OSG Operations Provisioning - for OSG 0.4 | [[Main.RobQ][Rob]], Burt _(unconfirmed)_ |
| Storage on the OSG | Eileen, Paul |
| Accounting | [[Main. PhilippeCanal][Phillipe]] |
| CommunitySupport | GOC |
| EdgeServices | [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek]] |
| NetworkTechnicalGroup | [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth]] | 
| PolicyPublicationTrust | _Ruth wants to do something about this web_ |
| ResourceSelection | [[Main.GabrieleGarzoglio][Gabriele Garzoglio]] |
| Security | [[Main.DougOlson][Doug Olson]] |


Changes proposed directly from others should be proposed to the osg-docs@opensciencegrid.org list and if no objection raised by the end of the next workday, they are understood to be accepted.
%RED%The following section will be subsumed into the previous.%ENDCOLOR%
---++ Participants:

   * Bakul Banerjee - Project Coordinator
      * Keeps WBS and Project Reports
   * Katie Yurkewicz (until late Summer) - OSG Communicator  -- someone new needed here --   
   * Marcia Teckenbrock - Document Librarian; at least 50% effort; Makes sure docs are entered into repository and can make complete sets and reports.  
   * Anne Heavey - Tech writer, some communication
   * Forrest Christian - Tech writer  (for 3 mos starting Sept 06, possibly to extend) 
   * Other regular participants:
      * Kyle Gross
      * Doug Olson & Rob Quick
      * Mike Wilde (Education)
      * Operations,
      * Invite other people various weeks, depending on agenda

---++ Meetings and Minutes

This project meets on alternate Tuesday mornings at 11:00 CDT on the Grid Operation Center phone bridge at 317-274-4174.   See [[Documentation/WebHome#Weekly_Meetings][meeting minutes]].
This project meets on alternate Tuesday mornings at 11:00 CDT on the Grid Operation Center phone bridge at 317-274-4174.   See [[Documentation/Documentation.WebHome#Weekly_Meetings][meeting minutes]].
 	 
 	 
%SEARCH{search="ProjectMinutes" scope="topic" order="created" web="Documentation" nonoise="on" reverse="on" header="|  *Meeting*  |  *Date*  |" format="| [[Documentation.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" noheader="off" }%



d82 1
Marcia, Anne and Katie meet every Fri 9:30 a.m. FNAL time:
   * Meeting ID: 3477

%SEARCH{search="OsgCommunication" scope="topic" order="created" web="DocsComm" nonoise="on" reverse="on" header="|  *Meeting*  |  *Date*  |" format="| [[DocsComm.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" noheader="off" }%
%SEARCH{search="OsgCommunication" scope="topic" order="created" web="Documentation" nonoise="on" reverse="on" header="|  *Meeting*  |  *Date*  |" format="| [[Documentation.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" noheader="off" }%
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/osg_one_pager_v12.pdf][***DRAFT*** OSG Informational One-Page Handout for SC|06]]  
---++ Communications
   * [[Sc06Materials][SC 2006 Materials]]
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/SC06_pres_postreview_v3.pdf][***DRAFT*** Slideshow presentation for SLAC/Fermilab booth]]
   * [[Documentation.Sc06Materials][SC 2006 Materials]]

   * Anne is restructuring (started Sep 06) and providing missing info under [[Documentation/WebHome#User_Documentation]]. 

   * Anne is restructuring (started Sep 06) and providing missing info under [[Documentation/Documentation.WebHome#User_Documentation]]. 
   * Forrest to work on the storage doc.

---++ VO-specific technical doc under VO web home
Meeting with Ruth, Anne, Marcia, Chris Green 10/20/06

Find current vo listing page (Chris found once, couldn't find again) %BR%

Next Osg-docs meeting : review cycle for web site

Place for VO to present informal information about use of remote sites &#8211; a blog &#8211; label it as informal %BR%
I added "Informal Comments" column to VO web home table

Chris will get me info on: What VO admin wants to do
   * Get list of site
   * Capacity of each site
   * How many job slots do I need and storage
   * Use GIS (pre web services MDS &#8211; globus doesn&#8217;t support it, no doc)
   * ldap search command

Tools to find out you can&#8217;t do it aren&#8217;t documented

Documentation.Tools to find out you can&#8217;t do it aren&#8217;t documented

 Chris will tell me what he finds useful.

Anne to contact for next VO to fill in:
   * Steve Clark and David Braun nanohub at Purdue
   * GAdu &#8211; Mike Wilde to put on Tibby (was at Purdue) I&#8217;ll await notice

#NewsLetter
---++ Proposed OSG Newsletter Articles:

   * August 2006
      * Grid Summer Workshop - Mike Wilde _Ruth wrote article; No response from Mike_
      * Application: CDF use of OSG _article too long; had to be edited quite a bit_
      * Technical Topic:  Networks - Don Petravick, Shawn McGee _Dropped from Issue:  Article was Fermi-centric and not appropriate for OSG News_
 
   *  September 2006 _September and October issues were combined_
      * FAQ for SE installation of SRM/dCache from the hands on workshop (Frank W, Torre W) - _Not done_
      * Science papers benefiting from OSG (Ruth) - _Not done_
      * Application: LIGO (Kent Blackburn) - _Not done_
      * STAR from Jerome Lauret - _DONE_
      * OGF Report (Leigh) _Not done_
      * Announce new website (Ruth's article) - _DONE_
      * _Other:  Spotlight on Researcher:  Terrence Martin_

   * October 2006
      * Integration Activity - Plans for functionality enhancements to OSG over next six months - _Not done_
      * Job Scheduling on OSG - Alain Roy _Not done_
d148 2
      * Application: GROW? _Not done_
    
   * November 2006
      * FAQ for CE installation and configuration - Steve Timm, Leigh Grunhoefer 
      * Application: LHC service challenges _Katie has contacted for article_
      * FAQ for CE installation and configuration - Steve Timm, Leigh Grunhoefer  _NOT DONE_
   * March 2007

d108 1
---++ Notes from prior to Sept 06
From Oct 06, start keeping notes in minutes format.

---+++ Short-term Activities (Aug 06)

   * Write project plan and review in this meeting 
   * Anne&#8217;s documentation
      * Anne has talked to people during the consortium meeting re.:
         1 SC Best Practices 
   * Define ReviewProcess, how documentation gets reviewed
         3 Grid Application Installation Guide
   * Define ReviewProcess, how documentation gets reviewed
   * Define Documentation.ReviewProcess, how documentation gets reviewed
   * Create/move mailing lists for VDT:  DONE?
   * Develop web update Standard Operating  Procedure
End 10/20 meeting notes

---+++ Ongoing Activities

   * Use process as defined above
   * Identify content providers


---+++ Deliverables

   * Website Revamp
   * ReviewProcess - list of process for reviewing documentation
   * Project Plan for funding agencies
      * Deadline:  late September?
   * Documentation.ReviewProcess - list of process for reviewing documentation
   * [[UserDocTemplate][template for main "index" page for each end user type]]  
   * [[AdminDocTemplate][template for main "index" page for each admin user type]]
---+++ ?
   * [[Documentation.UserDocTemplate][template for main "index" page for each end user type]]  
   * [[Documentation.AdminDocTemplate][template for main "index" page for each admin user type]]


---
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 31 Jul 2006<br />
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 14 Sep 2006 %BR%
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 04 Oct 2006 
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 30 Oct 2006

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/perfect-v6_ah.doc][perfect-v6_ah.doc]]: STAR article for OSG newsletter Oct 2006, for review by STAR collaborators
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/perfect-v7_ah.doc][perfect-v7_ah.doc]]: STAR article for OSG newsletter, for review by STAR collaborators
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/osg_one_pager_v11.pdf][osg_one_pager_v11.pdf]]: OSG One-Pager DRAFT
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/SC06_pres_postreview_v2mt.ppt][SC06_pres_postreview_v2mt.ppt]]: Slideshow Presentation for SLAC/Fermilab Booth


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/osg_one_pager_v12.pdf][osg_one_pager_v12.pdf]]: OSG One-Page Handout for SC|06 - DRAFT

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/SC06_pres_postreview_v3.pdf][SC06_pres_postreview_v3.pdf]]: Slideshow Presentation for Fermilab/SLAC Booth - DRAFT

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg_one_pager_v12.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="OSG One-Page Handout for SC|06" date="1162326861" path="osg_one_pager_v12.pdf" size="612225" user="Main.MarciaTeckenbrock" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="perfect-v7_ah.doc" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="STAR article for OSG newsletter, for review by STAR collaborators" date="1160665403" path="perfect-v7_ah.doc" size="91136" user="Main.AnneHeavey" version="1"}%
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1164740074" from="Documentation.DocumentationProject" to="DocsComm.DocumentationProject"}%
