%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985934" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ EOT - Documentation meeting 01 Aug 2007
Goes with meeting in indico: [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1056][OSG Education and Documentation]]

Attending:  Anne, Ruth, Alina, Mike, Siddhartha, Paul, Chris, Lisa, Eileen, Rob Q

---++ from Ruth's mail

a) we keep going back and rethinking documentation rather than having a more detailed plan of "this is what we are doing" and plodding down it

primary goal of this meeting

b) having bi-tri-fracated approaches that lead to duplication, holes and confusion.

limited efforts, try to reduce  -- Anne plans to address this today

c) not having a good process for quickly adding and decising where to add information to any place and linking it in quickly to the top down structure.

Anne keeps a list of action items on the documentation pages. I would like everyone to understand that list and contribute/buy into it or tell me why this is not a good idea. There is a good table of documentation pages for each release that should be continued.  

---++ Notes in morning

---+++ Review current education materials (Mike, Alina)
   * Start at osg home slash workshop
   * Go to syllabus, walk thru content
   * org for 2-21/2 day, 7 session wksp, 45 min ppt lecture, 2 1/2 hr lab; lab is moving from twiki to docbook
   * lec 3 -- condor and dagman -- moved into workflow  (interrupted)

Chander --- start from knowing nothing, picturing trees w/ branches for training and doc. Where does this fit in?%BR%
This is independent branch (MIke)

Sidd: suggests introducing doc tree into first session -- put in a diagram


Moved to ANne's talk -- said she'd cover that.%BR%
Chander: we need to state our intent not implementation, on training side, what are cross links, looking for strategy/master plan

Gettingstarted needs an index %BR%
Besides roles, there's people looking for tidbits from meeting, want to understand about OSG, want to know some fact, not being a user, admin etc.  E.g., I'm still one of those roles, but now I h ave more detailed questions%BR%
Need a gettingstarted -- series of steps

several places to go to find something, but want one button,

say that osg web pages are for outreach -- what it's about, why/how to get involved, then move meaty stuff into twiki (CG)

EB: everybody's vision will be different

Lisa G: perspective. user won't know diff in underlying structure, but from content providers all content should be in one area

List what we plan to document (Chander suggests scope document, see Anne's action item at end):

   * how to install CE
   * what is OSG and why to get involved, at site or user or admin or other level -- need overview
   * how to install SE
   * how to install clients
   * how to get your app ready
   * how to run a job
   * how to design a new app for max efficiency on the grid
   * how to monitor a job
   * how to report a problem
   * how to contact a site (talk to somebody)
   * what are the sites, resource discovery (services available to you as user, admin)
   * what's a VO (other little questions, don't list all)
   * VO -- how to establish and manage
   * sites: how to establish and manage
   * how to get help
   * how to troubleshoot your jobs
   * tech section -- what happens to my job on its journey
   * grid school -- why to go? 
   * how do I get my data to my job --- (SRM, osg-supported)  generic answer
      * small/transparent VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo can't use SRM, go into what are needs, different answers

OSG will not document
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo specific implementations


treat doc like regression testing, when sb asks question, put new link, tweak it.

get programmatic list of the twiki docs -- not always easy to find (RQ)  indexing the twiki properly, effort-intensive

lisa: 

grid computing osg style

gridcafe (lisa)

point journalists to the right places.  Does doc include outreach.  Maybe reformulate doc for journalists

capturing what is osg as more than just grid computing

administrator, use resource and service provider maybe; chris doesn't like admin word; admin resp over services, technical admin respons.  Manager (doesn't do the real work)

may use mouseovers  RQ not sure

careful of OSG def of VO -- says resources and other things are "part of" VO -- check into

identify defs that need work
Sidd: def of vo ok, Mike, 

good to interview newcomers, make improvements

site vs vo maybe replace by   "resources" vs. vo

make glossary more accessible, put link to the glossary, 

I didn't find what I wanted button

separate out rp and vo stuff  on diff pages

ce installer knows sec is their resp, need to know what steps users go through, how I control that, what bit of the install does that. where to go when problems

admin doesn't care or know about privilege -- cares about hw, sw;  different from users; 

chander -- what does site have to do; questions: part of vo, setup vo, register, get approved, then installation guides;  no cold calls "i want to participate"

rp: when site registers, what conversation occurs?  RQ asks them to attend ops meeting, how do they know which ques to ask?  Email that goes out should give them info so they know what questions to ask. What do we tell them?  How does goc respond to questions for which we have doc?  Try to point them to doc if it's there; adjust twiki as necessary. Ruth suggests that goc talk about osg doc with each other.  There's doc on indiana page that needs to be integrated into OSG.  cert doc in iu pages that needs to be in twiki (old).

I'm using object oriented doc; eb: 

what are questions person is going to ask: what service do I need to provide?  batch, auth, ...; think in "how to" way, 

look at condor manual to get idea of focused doc

---++ Goals for Afternoon session

Chander: looking for doc and eot to define all chapters, what needs to be covered, what's already covered, look at resources to get it done, sequencing. How to deliver most value; big picture view; e.g., 2 pg bullet list.  

Paul: look at other projects that have good doc, learn from it; different kinds of visitors to site;

Eileen: higher level philosophy to drive how we want to present; e.g. minmizing words, org by role or sth else, best practices; talk about eot, how to make things seamless

Chris: day should end with solid, well-defined action items

Mike: how to get Siddhartha's work into the eot module. eot - doc: online accessible grid school %BR%
rp: scope of training processes and use of resources and services of OSG; Swift is in there, that's outside this scope; 


---++ Plan for coord of training materials and tech doc

End user (existing material)
   * cross-linking doc hub with grid school materials:  EOT owes URL references for stable workshop materials to doc (stablilize after Dec 07)
   * EOT offers (no commitment) to spend time on stablilizing wksp materials, before planning for next workshop; 
   * for now, many stable links within Edu twiki; this can be stage 1, then can change links when material goes to docbook; maybe pages are cloned for each wkshp.
   * eventually self-paced vs class materials will diverge
   * consistency important; don't rush in blindly to try to eliminate redundancy; think about perspective, audience
   * self-paced question: need to include narrative somehow that speaker would provide; would become more comprehensive than the school materials; opportunity to provide more paths, go as far as they want, more hyperlinked.  Self-paced should still be bounded in time (per module).  First goal: capture course such that labs are doable, next augment lecture material to get more out of slides. then branch off. 
   * Action items:
      * EOT give doc (Anne) the urls for stable tutorial material
      * EOT to make online training package in versions, w version 1 due (date unspecified)  maybe prototype by Oct

site admin
   * how much effort to have a school that isn't a throwaway grid
   * what is deliverable?  1/2 day or full day for build-a-grid course?  
   * could ask S. to present at next site admin meeting (in 3 months), then 6mo bring in new site admins
   * might want separate from actual rel doc to make it simpler, quicker 
   * ruth just described lecture stuff -- firewalls, networking etc. S. planning to create exercise
   * build a throwaway grid with a few sites?
   * self paced -- allow students to give feedback, questions
   * first phase in school, later phase online, self-paced
   * admin will be separate from release doc.

   * S is starting from A's material, will turn it into tutorial, present at siteadmin mtg (Dec 1)
   * discussion of how to work the S. Africa students in mid Aug --need to work through issues
   * get people to read through my 'streamlined' guide: Ben, Alain, RobQ, Alan S?, see what Alan's Tigre, Sergio Balestrero 

Anne
   * work with RobQ and integ/release team and John Weigand on integ doc
   * fix up doc hub -- 
   * write up best practices (structure, philosophy), mission statement (goals)
   * attend integ meetings re my short CE install guide.  
   * create "grid computing OSG-style"

RobQ
   * programmatic listing of twiki docs to Anne
   * look into indexing the twiki
   * look into using mouseovers in twiki (Kyle)


---++ Plan for release doc 080

---++ Plan for addressing VOs

---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 31 Jul 2007