%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444867" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Fred, Tim, Marcia, Kyle

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

   * MeetingNotesFeb28

---++ Trouble Tickets

   * 1100 - VO info link inquiry - Perl script created by Kyle for the dev site, but not the Fermi site) 2) Email Doug Olson and Leigh about the change of iVDGL to Open Science Grid (OSG)
   * 1229 - OSG webpage update for Policy Document - Done. Marcia completed.
   * 1228 - Webpage Update for RSS URL - work in progress.


---++ Content Changes - from last week (still to be done)

   * On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)
   * Completely rewrite top Grid Support page - Ruth will do this - We will review that.
   * Static list of all meetings -> goes under Meetings link (Maddi will do it when she has time. Not a lot of effort, may be done tomorrow. To be reviewed next week.)
   * Get rid of members page - long term (Same as the Consortium > OSG Council page. Marcia will take a stab at it and we'll discuss it next week.)
   * Merge Consortium and About OSG - long term (Marcia will talk to Ruth.)


---++ Other Topics




-- Main.KyleGross - 07 Mar 2006