%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285015" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Tim, Kyle, Burt, Marcia

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

   * MeetingNotesNov29

---++ Trouble Tickets

   * Marcia can't get into admin interface - closed
   * Iwona editing guides - Tim and Rob reworked this.  Will ask Iwona if it looks ok.
   

---++ Glossary

   * Kyle and Marcia will talk about how to make this work after the meeting.


---++ Accounts that need to be re-enabled.


 
---++ OSG 0.4.0 Rollout - Update from RobQ

   * Rob is writing the installation guide and the other guides will be handed off to other people in the integration group. - Burt is going to get back to me.

   * Trash/Integration guides - handled by ???
   * Provisioning - handled by ???
   * Polished, deployment guides - handled by ???


---++ Meetings & Events

   * Consortium Meeting - Marcia will make Ruth's Changes before the sync.
   
---++ Other Topics

   * Registration emails will be added to the website soon.  As soon as SCs approve.
   * 







-- Main.KyleGross - 06 Dec 2005