%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1138731444" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Kyle, Fred, Penelope, Tim, DougO, Rob, Ann

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesJan10

---++ Trouble Tickets

	* 652 - Matching resources to Support centers

	* Where does it go? - will ping ruth again


---++ Getting another IU person access to fermi in case of emergency

	* Any idea about John's accounts?

---++ Katie's Reponse from Paul

---++ Site Audit 

	* Go over Ann's Notes - she is going to draw up a tree of navigation...eetings & Events

---++ Other Topics

	*  input from the people who did the training session at last weeks Consortium meeting - RobQ says that the guide seems to work, but nobody on the Docs call is the one to really ask. This perhaps needs to go to the education group.



-- Main.KyleGross - 31 Jan 2006

