%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1124214412" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+OSG Documentation Meeting Notes August 16

The Meeting of the Documentation Group will be today at 11:00 AM CDT on the phone bridge at 317-274-4174.

---++Weekly Change
	* Kyle will do after meeting.

---++Securing and Presenting Registration Information
	* All information is currently there.  Past entries still need review.

---++Fermi Instance and MySQL
	* Kyle has installed a timer on dev.  When browsing, pages download in < 1 sec.  
	* Suggests switching Fermi site to production and IU site to development.  Marcia will email proposal to osg-docs.  
	* Authors/content providers need to make sure they did not use absolute path names. 

---++Other Topics
	* Kyle pointed out that the Events page on the old site is still being updated.  Marcia will address this approach vs. using the calendar at a separate meeting

-- Main.RobQ - 16 Aug 2005<br>
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 16 Aug 2005 - posted minutes

