%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1141146778" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Ruth, Kyle, Fred, Marcia

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesFeb21

---++ Trouble Tickets

	* 652 - Matching resources to Support centers - Just make sure this looks right on the Grid Support page. - close
	* 1100 - VO info link inquiry - work on script
	* 1035 - OSG webpage update request - logos - close


---++ Content Changes - Marcia

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term
	* Completely rewrite top Grid Support page - Ruth will do this - not today
	* OSG @ Work -> Using OSG - Today
	* Static list of all meetings -> goes under Meetings link - Not today
	* Get rid of members page - long term
	* Merge Consortium and About OSG - long term
	* Drop OSG news link on left hand side - today
	* Add VORS link under Monitoring - today

---++ Other Topics


-- Main.KyleGross - 28 Feb 2006

