%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1145973036" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%

Attendees: 

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesApr18

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)


---++ News Box

	* Ruth wants the calendar back in place.  Same one? Different one?  

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - will send out email to web owners asking for web to be looked over
	* 0.4.1 Documentation - How is this coming along?
	* New server - Status?  Transition by May 1?
	* Will try to clean up test and unused articles on mambo before transition to new machine.



---++ Other Topics



-- Main.KyleGross - 25 Apr 2006

