%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1135098249" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Kyle, Fred, Tim, Marcia, DougO, Burt

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesDec13

---++ Trouble Tickets
  
	* None that I know of 
  
---++ IU Machine Room Downtime - Jan 2, 2006

	* Do we need to mirror services since this is a one time outage?
	* Email will be sent on the two consecutive Fridays before the outage.  This will go to all OSG lists.

---++ Meetings & Events

---++ Other Topics

	* Kyle gone Dec 23-28 - Marcia will play backup.  Security team will be called too.
	* Other vacations?
	* Calendar....might be scrapped.  Will discuss at Jan Consortium meeting
	* Want to eventually get another IU person access to Fermi.
	* ITB Release goes out tomorrow.  What is needed to update production documentation for OSG software release?
	* Official request for effort to the docs group for documentation on new OSG release.

-- Main.KyleGross - 20 Dec 2005

