%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1142958378" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Kyle, Doug, Tim, Fred

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesMar14

---++ Trouble Tickets

	* None at this time

---++ Content Changes - from last week (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)
	* Get rid of members page - long term (Same as the Consortium > OSG Council page. Marcia will take a stab at it and we'll discuss it next week.)
	* Merge Consortium and About OSG - long term (Marcia will talk to Ruth.)


---++ Known Topics

	* Mambo Box at Fermi?
	* Ruth's Calendar Wants - web event - www.ppdg.net
	* Meetings Page - two separate pages.  Weekly meetings and annual or special meetings - link under the events box


---++ Other Topics

	* 0.4.1 Documentation - Production TWiki by April 17 - want this to be housed at IU



-- Main.KyleGross - 21 Mar 2006

