%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285015" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: 

---++ Last Meeting's Notes
   * MeetingNotesNov22

---++ Accounts that need to be re-enabled.
 
---++ Preparations for OSG 0.4.0 Rollout

   * Trash/Integration guides - handled by ???
   * Provisioning - handled by ???
   * Polished, deployment guides - handled by ???

   * RobQ will talk to RobG after this meeting and update me.


---++ Meetings & Events
   
---++ Other Topics

   * Moving Glossary to mambo.  Marcia will do this...



-- Main.KyleGross - 29 Nov 2005