%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1145364719" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: 

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesApr11

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)


---++ News Box

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - will send out email to web owners asking for web to be looked over
	* 0.4.1 Documentation - There is a section in the leftbar for the main web.  The Release Documentation web IS there and ready to be edited.
	* Kyle possibly going on call for OSG


---++ Other Topics






-- Main.KyleGross - 18 Apr 2006

