%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1120581372" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+Documentaion Group Weekly Meeting Notes July 05

Attendees: DougO, Marcia, Anne, Kyle, RobQ, Jorge

---++Registration Form Database

	* At the end of the last meeting, we were discussing where this be located
	* Who needs access? Support Centers.
	* Kyle will put this at IU
	* All of the forms will need to be rewritten
	* How do we populated this with existing registrations? 
	* DougO and Kyle will talk after this call

---++DocDB

	* Marcia is working on a API, Marcia can duplicate the look of the ops pages
	* Can this be ready for the 20th?

---++OSG Main Page Format

	* Go point by point through Katie's mail from the 28th (see word doc attached)
	* Marcia can duplicate the look of the page without the Mambo underneath
	* Introduce menu below the logo and above the standard set of menus
	* Display menu accross the top
	* Remove the login from the front page
	* Rotating image for the center of the front page (Load at random, JAVA)?
	* Kyle will create layout, and Marcia will put in content
	* Jorge will send mail with more details

---++Kyle to Visit Marcia at Fermi

	* The 19th Kyle will be at Fermi

---++Other Topics

	* Adding forums, it is the opinion of the group that this is not feasible in the short term

-- Main.RobQ - 05 Jul 2005

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg_main_webpage_062805.doc" attr="" comment="" date="1120581287" path="C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\Desktop\osg_main_webpage_062805.doc" size="33792" user="RobQ" version="1.1"}%
