%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1144772914" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Kyle, Fred, Tim, Marcia

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesApr04

---++ Trouble Tickets

	* 1735 - Update News/Events

---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)
	* Ruth will work on the Tech Groups and Activities page
	* Update events box to say "View Past Events"

---++ News Box

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - will send out email to web owners asking for web to be looked over
	* 0.4.1 Documentation - Kyle can put a section on the leftbar in the twiki, but it won't be there for all webs, unless each web's leftbar is edited individually.
	* OSG KB Statistics - https://oncourse.iu.edu/access/content/user/tsilver/_ublic/osg_KB_doc_report_for_May_2006.pdf

---++ Other Topics










-- Main.KyleGross - 11 Apr 2006

