%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444867" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
Attendees: Marcia, Kyle, Tim, Fred, Doug, Rob

---++ Last Meeting's Notes



---++ Trouble Tickets

   * 2281 - News and Events box simlinks
   * 2282 - Broken links - This should be taken care of, but again, without rolling through the whole site, it's hard to know.

---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

   * On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)  -- I suppose this will be taken care of by Xenomedia



---++ News Box


 

---++ Topics


   * Need better VO info.  Long name field?  What info goes on website?  Short Name - Long Name - Support Center - Community
   * Would like to investigate moving development content server to fermi's new server for ease of administration.  - will set up test instance at FNAL


---++ Other Topics







-- Main.KyleGross - 01 Aug 2006
