%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1146576666" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees:

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesApr25

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)


---++ New OSG Layout

	* Look at dev site and explain what's going on.  Search bar isn't where I want it yet, but it's there.
	* Want to move with the new layout and the new box simultaneously.  Not sure if that is possible.

---++ News Box
 

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - will send out email to web owners asking for web to be looked over
	* 0.4.1 Documentation - How is this coming along?
	* New server - Status?
	* Fermi mySQL
	* Marcia as footprints assignee 



---++ Other Topics





-- Main.KyleGross - 02 May 2006

