%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444867" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+Documentation Meeting Notes September 3

---++Weekly Changes

   * Operations Activity Link Incorrect - Done
   * Listserv Question will be handled by fermi helpdesk.

---++Scheduled Maintenance Calendar

   * Can the seperate operations pages hold a maintenance calendar? This should not be mixed with Event data.

   * List of recurring meeting
      * Mon 1pm - Operations Meeting
      * Mon 2pm - MIS
      * Tue 11am - OSG Docs
          * We will consider meeting every other week as work winds down.
      * Tue 2:30 - OSG Support Centers
      * Wed 1:30 - Community SC
      * Wed 4:30 - Storage
      * Every other Thur (starting on sept 8th) - Interoperability
      * Thur 2:30 - ITB 
      * Every other Fri 1:30 (starting on sept 9th) 

---++Decomissioning of the Plone Update

---++Other Items

---+++OSG Workshops and Meetings Pages
   * We need to know what process Mari goes through to set up a meeting page and dupicate inside current webpage framework.
   * This includes registration, agenda, uploaded presentations, etc...
   * Mari may have this already set up, we should look at it and see if we can work it into the pages. We can then write a procedure to get this posted.
   * If a meeting is enterd, who is responsible for entry in the calendar.
   * Where does mail get sent for meeting page support? (Suggestions: OSG-MEETINGS list, *webmaster*, does Mari already have an answer to this?)
   * How do we request new meeting pages? (Through mailing in above point.)
   * How is the registration connected and done. (Using Mari's inside OSG page format.)
   * What is the recomended schedule of notifications? (Up to the meeting planner, no internal mechanism unless Mari already has one?

---+++Current VO List
   * This should be pulled directly from the Registration DB. It will be the responsibility of the VO to keep their DB entry up to date. Once VO approval occurs this will be entered automatically to the list.

---+++Is someone writing the Grid User Guide?
   * Should someone from the community support center take this on? Sending to Burt and Fred for discussion during tomorrows meeting. 

---+++Site Administration Guide
   * This should be updated on the Mambo with new production releases. Anytime the Twiki is linked from the Mambo site there should be a note that it is a draft document.

---+++Monthly OSG newsletter 

   * we need to know Katie's level of involvement, from there we can put together a template and determine what is next. 

Should we add a search box to the pages? Kyle will add this to the Dev site.

-- Main.RobQ - 06 Sep 2005