%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985934" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
---++ Agenda/Minutes for osg-docs meeting Oct 10, 2006
Attendees: Anne, Kyle, RobQ, 

%TOC%

---+++ Possible CMS news item
Combined Computing, Software, and Analysis challenge of 2006 launched

Possibility for later Oct or Oct/Nov newsletter?  Research highlight?

How best to link?

Click News nav button -- maybe add a VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-spec category, then add these types of items; link to pre-prepared items from VOs

---+++ Review VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo twiki

Anne's thoughts: %BR%
Define use better:

Change intro text to include something like:

Record your VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-specific practices, configurations, etc. for users and admins. (Because in the OSG-wide doc area, I can't document VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-specific things, and I need a place to point readers.)

   * Each VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo to have page on which
      * there's some introduction (ATLAS' is good, http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo/ATLAS, iVDGL's is also good http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo/IVDGL)
      * Link to experiment/project home page
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-specific implementation of OSG (e.g., which Privilege components, use VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS or not, ...)
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Application info, both for user and for administrator
   * How-to join VO, for user
   * What CAs users should use to get certificates
   * How do users run application (app doc should be on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo home web site, link to info)
   * How do users select resources when submitting job (I think this is VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-specific...)
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo app-specific troubleshooting info
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-specific support info
   * Define VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-specific OSG admin roles if different from defined in Documentation web
   * List VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo groups and roles used for authorization
   * Link in news articles

Idea: have table (one row per VO, as is) with more columns, columns would link to pages with info as listed:

Add legend to explain headings (per Penelope)

| VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo name | Util Status | User info | Application | Support | Groups/Roles | Success/Failure |
| intro, link to home pg | (as is) | how to join  | how to run app  | support info | list grps,roles, associated privileges | rate at each site |
| VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo implementation of OSG | | how to select resources | app admin info | | experiences |
| link to news | | what CA to use |  | | gripes, suggestions, etc. |

Make this table, talk to FKW, RWG. Get one good example (ATLAS?), then get somebody to push VOs to add their info.

---+++ Documentation Twiki

I rearranged doc twiki, complaints? suggestions?

I'll need to get content/reviews on variety of topics.

Do biweekly meeting only.  MT and AH to organize, and invite other participants.
Keep meeting phone bridge reserved for "in case".
Add link to meetings from Doc home page.

---+++ New website
Anne's proposed changes http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/OsgCommunication13Oct06#OSG_website_Anne_s_thoughts

Need to access old site -- animation of how grid works
Talk to KY about OSG identification on home page.

Content providers list %BR%
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationProject#Content_Tsars %BR%
How to get the "unconfirmed" to confirm?
Add straight link to admin install guides (voms, gums, ce etc.)

---+++ Doc-DB
Ruth said: I still think this page needs more text and introduction etc. http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/
Marcia will work on this.  Docs group not really DocDB users, however, their review once Topics are rearranged and intro text is completed would be useful.

---+++ OSG Graphics
(Our) need and interest in a  graphic artist who could create useful graphics for your new open  grid web site:

Marcia and Anne to proceed with a  requisition to cover this activity on the OSG task code.
If nicer presentation is desired for tools used, let us know and we can discuss it further.

---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 10 Oct 2006

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1164749161" from="Documentation.MeetingNotesOct10" to="DocsComm.MeetingNotesOct10"}%
