%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1147191849" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: 

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesMay02

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)
	* Documentation Menu - removing the fourth link on the left menu is just fine.

---++ New OSG Layout

	* Need to make a decision on the search bar.  Move both search boxes below left-hand menu one for twiki and one for OSG.org
	* Want to move with the new layout and the new box simultaneously.  Ruth wants this asap.

---++ News Box
 

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - will send out email to web owners asking for web to be looked over
	* 0.4.1 Documentation - Was the transition smooth?  What could be better? - Will ask RobQ
	* New server - still working on service agreement, but Kyle has access to server and can start putting new template on the server, but, I don't have access to create new files, which will make the new template fairly impossible to install. - Help Desk ticket has been submitted.
	* Fermi mySQL script - Working


---++ Other Topics

	* Ruth can't come a day early to the SC/Ops Meeting
	* Have Fred ask Paul about the new TWiki Machine.
	* Ruth is working on responding to Fred's Email...and sending emails/requests to appropriate people.



-- Main.KyleGross - 09 May 2006

