%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1116419050" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+Meeting Notes May 17th 2005

The meeting of the Documentation group will be held on Tuesday May, 17th at 11:00pm using the GOC phone bridge at 317-274-4174.

---++Review of Last Meeting To-Do Items

MeetingNotesMay11

Attendees: Fred, Penelope, Kyle, RobQ, Mary, DougO, DougP

Penelope will send Kyle all the current logos

Penelope will send out mail for PR information

Penelope has created redirects

Penelope has talked to Eric about DocDB and the mechanism exists, but Eric is very busy

---++Internal vs. External Information and Mechanism

Only group support center information published. For the pages designed currently no internal pages necessary.

This page all PR information?

Discussion about audience and whether this was an operations page or a support page.

More discussion of who these pages are intended to service.

---++Split of User/Site Admin/Support Center/Monitoring

Can this be done in a graphical manner?

Split in left hand menu.

Consolidate 3-4 most important link and create a more info link that goes to a page of more links for users, admin, sc's.

---++Other Topics

Kyle will make an attempt at changing this and letting people have a look before the next call.

-- Main.RobQ - 17 May 2005

