%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1150207117" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%

Attendees: 

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesMay23

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)  -- I suppose this will be taken care of by Xenomedia



---++ News Box
 

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - will send out email to web owners asking for web to be looked over
	* New Mambo server - Should be ready to go.



---++ Other Topics

	* New TWiki server is ordered
	* New Twiki Webs for Ruth


-- Main.KyleGross - 13 Jun 2006

