%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1119365970" format="1.0" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+Documentation Meeting Notes Jun 14

The Meeting of the Documentation Group will be today at 11:00 AM CDT on the phone bridge at 317-274-4174.



 Attendees: Kyle, Burt, Jorge, Doug, Penelope, Fred, Dane


---++Architectural Outline of OSG Website



	*  We have one week to converge on a design goal for the www.opensciencegrid.org home page.  Jorge and Kyle will work on the technology.  Penelope and Katie will do content and layout.


---++Decisions about technology
 
	*  We will be using a mixture of all three technologies in order to complete our goal. (PHP, TWiki, and Plone)

---++Other Topics

	*  Documentation: Put submenus in place.  How-to's, Getting Started, Document database.
	*  There is a getting started document in the Provisioning TWiki.  That will be added immediately.
	*  Consolidate list of VOMS/VOMS Admins into one maintained location.  
	*  Establish roles for who has the authority to make the call for content promotion from TWiki to PHP.
	*  Create a clear approval path for high-level content areas.






-- Main.KyleGross - 14 Jun 2005

