%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1121181195" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+Documentation Group Weekly Meeting Notes July 12

Attendees: 

---++Registration Form Database

	* Schema
	* Immediate Importance?

---++OSG Web Pages / Mambo

	* Marcia talk about editing main pages
	* User registration, etc
	* What do we NEED by July 20?
	* When do we move the fermi / login-enabled instance to production?



---++Other Topics

	* Forums discussion still going on via email.
	* Content Update Process review
 

-- Main.RobQ - 05 Jul 2005



-- Main.KyleGross - 12 Jul 2005

