%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1264607531" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
Attendees: DougO, Fred, Kyle, RobQ, Marcia

---++ Previous Meeting Notes

   * MeetingNotesOct04

---++ Registration Database upcoming changes

   * Will become more relational and useful to the GOC

---++ Website Fixes

   * Whitespace removed from VOMS Installation Guide
   * kagross removed as admin for TWiki, changed to OSG-TWiki@osg.org
   * News items shown bumped to 3
   * Alex Sims' Talk was added to DocDB
   * Jan 23 Consortium Meeting back on Calendar
   * Fixed Support Center link on OSG@Work Production Grid Page

---++ Other Topics

   * Call for input for SC2005 & page on Mambo - Next meeting will be a planning session
   * OSG@Work Production Grid page needs a rework - Will ask Ruth for input @ next week's meeting
   * Invite Katie to the next meeting
   * Documentation/DocumentationTeam.DocHowToCss Guides Page - Storage Elements Guide - Leave in TWiki for time being.

-- Main.KyleGross - 11 Oct 2005

