%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1143567132" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: Kyle, Tim, Marcia, Ruth, Fred, Rob, Doug

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesMar21

---++ Trouble Tickets

	* None at this time

---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)
	* Ruth will work on the Tech Groups and Activities page


---++ Known Topics

	* Mambo Box at Fermi? - ongoing talks
	* Review of TwikiWebs suggestions
	* 0.4.1 Documentation - Production TWiki by April 17 - want this to be housed at IU

	** two twikis on one server
	** new server with new twiki
	** new section in current twiki
	** will research lefthand bar to see if production can look different

	** List TWikiWebs and ask for effort for review
	** Web to be called ReleaseDocumentation

---++ Other Topics







-- Main.KyleGross - 28 Mar 2006

