%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1116955339" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+Documentation Group Meeting May 24

The Meeting of the Documentation Group will be Tuesday May at 11:00 AM CDT on the phone bridge at 317-274-4174.

Attendees: Rob, Kyle, Doug, Ruth, Penelope, Mary, Burt, Dane

---++OSG Grid Page

	* Add goal and scope to top of each page
	* Add monitoring links various world views of GridCat
	* Static global view?
	* Add link to Global, Asia, South America
	* Remove News, Meetings and Events, Calendar for OSG Grid Page
	* Consolidate meetings and events to home page
	* Remove links under documents

---++New Grid Support Menu Structure

	* Not the appearance yet but structure
	* Ruth will edit the page at "Grid Support"
	* At what point should the Twiki pages become static pages
	* Current VOs will be made into a new page and linked from various sources
	* IU will draft a process for movement from active Twiki pages to static Web Pages

---++Registration Forms

	* What feilds are mandatory?
	* Database backend eventually... to edit form

---++Users Menu Links

	* Remove Summary of Open Trouble Ticket from "Monitoring" links
	* Getting started link
	* Promote "Documents" to a top level link with sub level
	* "How to Get Started" pages under Twiki
	* FAQ under documents
	* Rob will look at the current getting started document and move it to html page

---++Site Administrators Links

	* How should these be ordered
	* More useful to newcomers first
	* This works for user, admins, and SCs

---++Support Centers Links

	* Existing Support Centers input into the Operational Model (long term idea?)

---++VOs Links

-- Main.RobQ - 24 May 2005

