%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1151418446" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Attendees: 

---++ Last Meeting's Notes

	* MeetingNotesJun20

---++ Trouble Tickets



---++ Content Changes - from previous meetings (still to be done)

	* On each "main level link" make it policy that every "sublink" is described on the main content page. - long term (Content provider responsible.)  -- I suppose this will be taken care of by Xenomedia



---++ News Box

	* Items removed from events box for ruth.
 

---++ Topics

	* Review of TwikiWebs - Ruth has started defining this. - List started at TWikiUpkeep - Marcia Sent email.  Replies?

	* New Mambo server - Been extremely busy here...Will have a chance to work on this today.

	* Mambo Vulnerability - register_globals is off.  Will wait for patch.


---++ Other Topics

	* New TWiki server is ordered

	* Twiki to PDF?  Waiting on code



-- Main.KyleGross - 27 Jun 2006

