%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1181329321" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda and Minutes 07 June 07

Attending:  AH, MT, JN 

---++ Things that have come up
   * how's poster going -- does Ruth like direction it's taking? (I have comments after TG's poster session)
   * demo's: Oliver's still doesn't run for me; Rosetta may not be good candidate
   * Campus CI days: need to pull joint website and brochure together (AH to work with other CI people); need to find a website designer, not much funding; maybe talk to Xeno to see what it would take to hire them.
   * At TG, some focus on outreach to K-12; maybe we should make an area in the website dedicated to them?
   * Planning for Aug 1 EOT/Comm meeting.  Maybe Jen can attend selected sessions by phone, as needed? ---JN: Sure, but what's EOT/Comm? -- AH Edu, Outreach , Training and Communications. 

---++ OSG newsletter
[[CommArticlePlanning#NewsLetter][List of Planned Newsletter articles]]
   * OSG-TG interop article (in progress), or condensed version, might be appropriate for newsletter
   * !FermiGrid article (from Eileen's pres at TG)

---++ Web site review
[[ReviewProcess][Review Process Page]]

   * please brief me on recent changes
   * JN: I can take 1-2 hours and do something next week if that's helpful.

---++ Research Highlights
[[CommArticlePlanning#ResHigh][List of Planned Research Highlights]]
   * JN owes feedback on Biomoca or else start on Navarro (sp?) profile (AH- Sergio Novaes. If you could do that, it would be great!)
   
---++ iSGTW Contributions
[[CommArticlePlanning#IsgTw][List of Planned iSGTW articles]]
   * Rosetta will be submitted next Wed for pub in isgtw June 20
   * How soon can we get sysadmin survey article (MT)?

---++ News items

---++ DocDB

---++ "On the plate"
   * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMari][Mari's To Do]]


-- Main.AnneHeavey - 07 Jun 2007
