%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1476659511" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OsgCommunications"}%
---+ Communications Meeting 8 Dec 06

   * *CDF Research Highlight* &#8211; sent to interviewees; 

   * *Anne hired as OSG Communicator*

   * *One-pager for CANS* (Grids in China talk):  finished and Ruth happy. MT will keep copy.  MT will make general repository.  Page for internal use for handouts. Label well.

   * We need a special area, password protected, for Communications documents.  One Twiki page linked to from Trash/DocsComm for docs and other items in-progress.

   * KY will be available for 6 mos for general questions

   * *OSG Strategic Communications plan*:
AH, JN & MT &#8211; create task list & determine what areas people are best at and enjoy.  
KY has draft of Communication plan.  Need a current .  
JN will be at FNAL at end of year. AH will forward Communications plan to all.
 Needs to be updated, and then updated yearly.

   * Talk to various OSG members via weekly meetings to see what they want to see in OSG newsletter.  AH will work on this next week.  Who will go to which meeting?

   * December OSG News:
      * No word from Tim Cartwright. MT to track down
      * Link to ISGTW calendar rather than SGTW? 
      * KY: has CMS draft
      * MT: has CE Installation draft from Steve Timm

   * Meeting with Paul Avery: 
      * Paul feels we need a brochure (KY agrees) %BR%
He has someone who no longer works for him who worked on layout last year if doing a brochure, we need to hire a professional.  Ruth thinks the old brochure is outdated.  
 
Paul may have a UFL person to help us; we need to finish strategic plan, then see what we need and whether Paul has someone to help.

   * *Graphic Artist*
      * MT:  PO issued  for graphic artist. Can he do brochure?
      * Ruth wants work done.  MT will find out what and will ask Ruth whether we can have graphic artist do brochure or hire someone else to make one.
We need to make sure we get files so we can make changes!!!
      * Other than that, football pool problem picture is first priority.   


   * Flash ani: [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/?pid=1000152][http://www.opensciencegrid.org/?pid=1000152]]  
      * Need to get Ruth's opinion
      * We think it's too large, either rotate between news items or use list;  lose logo;   
      * [[http://www.ncsa.uiuc.edu/][http://www.ncsa.uiuc.edu/]]  is a nice, cutting-edge site.
      * What happened to live map?    
      * MT will ask Kevin if there is a way for us to edit so we can cycle through all news items and lose the list.  (KY:  either have list or have banner)








-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 08 Dec 2006
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1168969506" from="DocsComm.OsgCommunications08Dec06" to="DocsComm.OsgCommunication08Dec06"}%
