%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1206039192" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
---+ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda 20 Mar 08
Attending:  AH, MT, JN 

%TOC%

---++ Minutes (Anne's)
   * Followed agenda, discussed points, looked through the spreadsheet
   * Feelings that responsibilities are too well-defined
      * MT wants us all to be able to make website updates for small things; AH not always clear on what's small
      * work order seems burdensome; AH says old system wasn't working, let's try this
      * AH: better to over-define, then settle back to some intermediate state where roles and responsibilities are "clear enough"
      * bottom line: people are willing to try to work with new organization and using Work Orders
   * graphics: responsibility for gathering images lies with person putting together whatever they go with; MT will help with manipulating images as needed
   * AH to put RH schedule on our shared google calendar
   * unclear on goal of MT's work with user support -- to gather info/articles for newsletter?
   * future of newsletter responsible -- will MT take over again?
   * MT, AH, & management need to meet about how to proceed regarding publications
   * Indico calendar, maybe not the right tool; ask Kyle/Robq to look into the new twiki calendar
   * neat idea about isgtw: change it to something pronounceable "twigs" This week in grid science, or this week's international grid science
   * Does osg-webmaster maillist create goc tickets?  Who's on it? We need a list for the group; MT to investigate
   * JN to create tech highlight page
   * AH and MT to coordinate development of use case scenarios

Some specific changes discussed:
   * GOC link on home page to read "support" or some such; point somewhere it twiki; needs more discussion
   * grey passive bars need to go -- too misleading
   * how to call 'osg at work' -- term means different things to diff people
   * rename 'research using osg' to 'research highlights' or some such -- again, misleading
   * "learn about us" and "join the osg" sections need work (content, nav)
   * if user support group recommends directing problems to troubleshooting team, 'troubleshooting' shouldn't be link on home page
   * name links according to what's behind them; e.g., "monitoring" could be  "resource usage and availability" or some such (would require some changes to Tim's new page)

Discussed Miron's comments (and Alain's and Greg's)
   * found things we agree with and things that we don't
   * no action item defined beyond the above and developing use cases (post-meeting AH suggests: list the issues he brought up that we are willing to consider, prioritize; coordinate with use cases)

---++ Work plan
Reason: we each need to "own" (assume responsibility) for certain tasks; we need to know what each of us owns, and what we just contribute to, and who we report to for each task. 

Big changes (from meeting with Ruth and Lisa):
   * moving web portal, docdb and (maybe) publication management to under Ruth's "external comm" area
   * responsibilities in a nutshell (for discussion)
      * Jen: newswatch and news updates, quarterly summary for NSF/DOE(?)
      * Marcia: 
         * website maintenance (content, navigation and format)
         * docdb
         * gather/maintain publication info (question here)
         * graphics (for website, articles, PR materials, etc.)
         * something for user support with Chris Green...?
      * Anne: 
         * coordination of web presences (website, twiki, etc.)  (hence Anne as "oversight auth" on web updates)
         * RHs and tech articles (planning, commissioning, distributing)
         * PR materials (coordination, text)
         * twiki and technical doc

To discuss:
   * is list of tasks complete (for now? -- will evolve)
   * are there questions on any entries?
   * do we need to write extended explanations of some tasks?
   * assign responsibilities and authorities as best we can
      * publication management needs clarification

What does this mean for our day-to-day work?
   * we each take responsibility in our areas
   * we report to our "overview authority" for each task
   * some areas are "customers" of other "provider" areas
   * customers submit *work orders* to providers; this will allow line management and overview authority to evaluate and prioritize
   * single name in box vs multiple names (one with "lead") or "team"
      * strawman: single name or "lead" assumes responsibility; other names can be called on to contribute and/or assume responsibility temporarily (I haven't really addressed "backup")
      * we should probably go thru a couple of use cases to test this flow

---++ Work orders
   * how to scope work?
   * I submitted one; did it contain too much stuff?  
   * should be sent to responsible and oversight authority; should we just send to whole group? cd-cog seems a bit many people...
   * do we need special maillist (osg-webmaster creates ticket? I'd forgotten that and have been slapped on the hand for sending to it)
   * what to do when you receive one?
      * discuss and clarify with sender, as necessary
      * evaluate and prioritize with line management
      * feed back to sender prioritization info
      * complete it per requirements and prioritization
   
---++ Responding to Miron's complaints
[[MeetWithMironFeb08][notes from my meeting with him feb 8]]

---++ Update on potential helper from Paul
   * she (Pam) wants to do website stuff; (more info on prev meeting minutes)
   * can we offload anything to her? if so we need to schedule phone call with her and Paul

---++ Research Highlights and other articles
[[CommArticlePlanning][List of Planned articles]]
 
Comment from Ruth: isgtw articles not meaty enough for our members, potential members, peers (whoever gives her feedback)

---++ On the plate
   * request from edu people to have case-insensitive links in website, e.g. osg.org/Education = osg.org/education. Jason fixed that one, but others exist.  
   * also request osg.org/engage to point to engagement twiki
   * peruse isgtw archive to make sure we've picked up everything to do with us; can somebody volunteer? --JN: Probably can do this. Are there other sources too that should be checked (ugh)?
   * Tech/ops/whatever highlight (what to call?)
      * JN to put together page a al RH page; don't link yet
   * find other outlets for meatier articles (AH spoke with JJ about this; email 2/7)
      * routinely update press mailing list from "yellow book" in her office
      * things get picked up from Symmetry sometimes; try and get articles in there once in a while (the "signal to background" section)
      * Investigate online computing journals
   * MT maintenance plan -- any word back from Xeno on automated tool?  What's plan for moving ahead?
      * Xeno is working on a query for a report

---++ To do lists
   * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]


-- Main.AnneHeavey - 17 Mar 2008
