%META:TOPICINFO{author="MatsRynge" date="1216314174" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---++ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda and Minutes 15March2007

---++ Attending: AH, MT, JN

---++ OSG newsletter
[[CommArticlePlanning#NewsLetter][List of Planned Newsletter articles]]

   *  Ruth approved April contents
   * I've contacted contributors, haven't heard back from anyone, gave them 4/13 deadline for draft
   * I need to write the science result one 
   * Midwest article done, waiting for pics from Ben
   * Note: Mike W should make sure people get pictures from workshops/schools


---++ Web site review
[[ReviewProcess][Review Process Page]] %BR%
Which pages are moving to osg.org?  Which ones to Twiki? Who will do this work? %BR%
   * AH:  [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/Getting_Started/Support][Grid Operations & Support]], Into page for Registration Authority %BR%
   * MT:  New Techical Activities page?  (MT to ping RP) %BR%
   * Also, something needed for Outreach page.  (AH suggests Paul Avery and John Trash.ManagementMcGee) also some text from brochure
   * Ruth nixed idea of moving any doc to website; keep in twiki
   * Lots of changes coming in the doc twiki
   * I need to contact cool hand mark and get the graphic moving along 
---++ Research Highlights

[[CommArticlePlanning#List_of_Planned_Research_Highlig][List of Planned Research Highlights]]

   * miniboone - draft by today or tomorrow (knowing there's more to add after apr 11)  Sched in isgtw for May 2; final draft due Apr 25
   * the may RH biomoca probably won't be ready; Ruth suggests Engagement from John !Trash.ManagementMcGee (wait to assign) maybe ask John for first draft

---++ iSGTW Contributions

   * When is MiniBooNe RH due to Danielle? Apr 25




---++ DocDB



---++ News items

   * AH checking for JN; nothing so far


---++"On the plate"

   * CHEP coming up, posters, demos, etc.


    * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]

 Publications list (CMS may have a solution similar to CDF. AH to follow up.)

    * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]

    * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]

 Meeting minutes are being indexed by search engines:  FC asked MT about.  FC is working on...



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 29 Mar 2007

