%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1162250591" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+ Agenda/minutes for 27 Oct 06 OSG Communications meeting

Expected attendees: Katie, Marcia, Jen, Anne %BR%
Call: 510-665-5437 %BR%
When: October 27, 2006, 09:30 AM America/Chicago %BR%
Meeting ID: 7420

---++ Jen's role/tasks

Maybe work on Cookbook?  JN would develop a plan and determine who to ask, how to ask and what to ask for. (Pending Ruth's approval).
Will review website content and email corrections (ie, typos, grammatical mistakes, etc...)

---++ Purdue Open Science Grid releaseNWICG press release
Draft circulated by Steve Tally from Purdue.  Katie wishes to make a couple factual changes. Other than that, good to go from our end.

---++ Add link to RA

- MT to add link to "Getting Started" section

---++ Consortium mtg 
5-8 March 2007 at UCSD

OSG  will pay for the meeting space for T2 or related...
Katie sent email asking if there was an LHC meeting to have with the Consortium mtg.

Nov 10 meeting

>> Currently on Friday Nov 10th at 11.30 am is a phone meeting to   
>> discuss the goals. I have not thought them through to date. You  
>> are  all invited, (we would let Katie off this meeting as it is  
>> late on a  Friday) hopefully Anne and Marcia  are available,  --  
>> more info later  -- Frank who is hosting it and Penelope who  
>> helped organize the  consortium meeting program committee last time.


---++ SC06
   * status of preparations (1 pg doc, small OSG poster, arrangements with VMS, etc)
      * The small poster seems extraneous.  AH/MT will approach Ruth with concerns; we hope to drop this.
      * One-pager needs some changes. MT to send to Ruth for review; nano-tech not needed if there's no room.  Katie will send a new LIGO image.
      * AH will make new version based on Thursday's slideshow review.  An updated grid architecture diagram is needed.
      * Put logo in poster format and post in Twiki.
   * making materials available on web

---++ OSG news for next issue
Katie has contacted CMS and ATLAS for US LHC content. 

---++ changes to website
AH made some; how to change order of fly-out items (AH to ask KM)
   
---++ Grid Cookbook
Mary Trauner sent template
   * Grid Deployment - OSG
   * Grid Applications - CMS, Sloan Digital Sky Survey, ACDC
Who can work on this?  Nobody in Communications group has time except Jenn and this is really Outreach.  Ask Ruth.  
 
---++ iSGTW
Launch scheduled for SC06. OSG-related content needed for first few issues.
OSG/EGEE press release to announce launch.
Face-to-face meeting scheduled for December 6 at CERN.
EGEE is having a cake in celebration.  Can OSG have something? T-shirts?

---++ STAR Research Highlight
All ready to go? Yes... MT will take care of this.

---++ Web Review Cycles
many pages are due for monthly review (which means now).  This is too often.  Quarterly reviews are proposed.   
Katie asked for more current updating of the news and the home page.  This would be a good task for Jen.
---++ From last week
Add tech publication info? %BR%
Miron: It would be good to have this information on our web site so that we can refer people to it. Also, we should have "recommended" text for including OSG in the acknowledgements of a publication. 

Graphic artist: req is going through process
---
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 30 Oct 2006
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 26 Oct 2006

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/templates.doc][templates.doc]]: Grid Cookbook Templates

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/nwicg_pr_draft_102606.doc][nwicg_pr_draft_102606.doc]]: Draft of NWICG press release

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="nwicg_pr_draft_102606.doc" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Draft of NWICG press release" date="1161943790" path="nwicg_pr_draft_102606.doc" size="29184" user="Main.KatieYurkewicz" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="templates.doc" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Grid Cookbook Templates" date="1161943740" path="templates.doc" size="30720" user="Main.KatieYurkewicz" version="1"}%
