%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985935" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
---++ OSG Communications Meeting with Ruth Pordes 
---++ 12 January 2007

---+++ Adding Pier and Young Kee to mail list
MT to add them to osgnews (contains osg maillist + other people) %BR%
RP says check with VIcky%BR%
MT to check if funding agencies on osg (joint oversight team, program officers, 6 of them)

---+++ Graphic Design work
(discussed at lunch)
---+++ OSG Poster for SciDAC

---+++ Docdb Roles
especially for security purposes

RP and MT to work out together

---+++ Status of Jan Newsletter
See minutes of comm group. OsgCommunication12Jan07

Date of release: final drafts by Jan 19, release by Wed Jan 24 %BR%
EB review on Monday.

---+++ OSG comm strategic plan

---+++ Review of EOT pages by Anne
Ruth asked to include this.  Question I think, is who will update?

http://osg.ivdgl.org/bin/view/SummerGridWorkshop/WebHome

http://osg.ivdgl.org/bin/view/Education/WebHome

---+++Status of other activities: 
technical writing activities -- where are we ?
New science highlights
press releases?  
New request from Ruth for a poster for Feb 7th
Ruth introduces Metrics

GridCat will be deprecated, need plot, howmany teraflops, jobs running, petabytes.  Need these numbers easily accessible, easy to update.  MOnitoring page.  John Urish can provide as part of accounting project led by Philippe. Where to put it on web portal; when are we reviewing monitoring pages? (bottom of "at work", security support monitoring)  VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS is replacing gridcat (put in newsletter article about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS, do profile on John Roshek)

All hands meeting - what help is needed from communications?


---+++ SciDAQ poster
RP to talk with Fred U about it; wanted Mark K to help.
Who finds hi-res images for us? KY used to, nobody now.
MT: can get expt images, not app's
RP wants hi-res of Phedex image

RP to send her thoughts, take a decision next fri 19 Jan

Next all hands will be about Sept 2007 in Madison
AH to send Miron mail about meeting at blueprint meeting at hotel near Midway

Strategic plan -- send to eb, make it a osg doc.

TACC (texas adv comp ctr), Teragrid. RP may have a name to give me to contact. 

Need doc librarian description to put in to responsibilities list (will go into the CD and OSG communications plan)  Don will want description of every role for security.  Def of all roles (instantiation in docdb) is in Don's security plan.

next eb meeting 1/25
Interface to media and public and to agencies if serious security incident -- Judy Jackson at Fermilab


-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 10 Jan 2007

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1168969276" from="DocsComm.OSGCommunicationWithRuth12Jan07" to="DocsComm.OsgCommunicationWithRuth12Jan07"}%
