%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1160775055" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
---++ Agenda Items
%TOC%
%BLUE%
10/13 meeting: AH and KY
%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ Review one-page handout draft by Marcia

---+++ Grid Cookbook

Katie: I was 
to provide some case studies from OSG. A little information about what OSG 
is, plus how some experiments are using it. There would need to be some 
technical detail; it's something that is supposed to be a resource for 
people interested in the grid (either just at a high-level or people who 
actually want to do things).

Outline & status as at http://www.videnet.gatech.edu/gtcb/draft %BR%
Evolving Cookbook is at http://www.videnet.gatech.edu/gtcb/outline

%BLUE%
10/13 minutes:%BR%
Katie will call Mary Trauner to get clarification.  Can probably pull together info that already exists (and massage a little) to satisfy their needs.
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ One-pager for Ruth
%BLUE%
10/13 minutes:%BR%
Get version ready by Wed 10/18 to show Ruth.%BR%
KY will make changes by Mon 10/16, we should meet again Tues a.m.%BR%
Need to get rid of diagram on front page. Would like a diagram illustrating how grid works, but don't have the right one yet. Possible first project for graphic artist, once we get requisition out. (MT and AH need to do this) %BR%
KY's other comments in email of 10/13.   
%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ Status of OSG News
%BLUE%
10/13 minutes:%BR%
KY still needs to talk to Jerome about article for "research highlights". Need to find less technical language for explaining physics. Need to get at least a sentence up top about how OSG figures in.  For newsletter, this version is ok (see KY's final edits in email 10/13)
%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ Feedback on SC06 presentation?
%BLUE%
10/13 minutes:%BR%
None yet.
%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ Other OSG activities at SC06 
(talks in other booths, branding OSG participants, what's going on in Fermi/SLAC booth)

%BLUE%
10/13 minutes:%BR%
Get a version of the 1-pager ready for this to hand out in booths of projects involved in OSG%BR%
KY will talk to Ruth about what to do for this, maybe contact many of the OSG participants who have their own booths, try to get small OSG poster showing logo.
%ENDCOLOR%
---+++ Next OSG consortium meeting
%BLUE%
10/13 minutes:%BR%
We discussed very little; Ruth wants it to be more like a conference; KY suggests pairing with a T2 meeting.  Question of who do we want to attract and what do we want them to get out of it.  KY has more ideas; to discuss later.
%ENDCOLOR%

---+++ OSG website (Anne's thoughts)
%BLUE%
10/13 minutes:%BR%
Didn't discuss; will wait for Marcia%ENDCOLOR%

Why doesn't home page have 1-liner or obvious link to "what is OSG"? I think it should (besides the "About OSG" nav button).

---++++ Popup menus
About OSG: 
   * Remove Glossary (add it to "Getting Started")
   * Add "Grid Architecture" (maybe rename to OSG Architecture and add definition of "service"); remove it from " Getting Started"
   * Add "See the OSG Working" (short description/illustration of workflow showing submit node, CE, SE, then show how you can use Monalisa and gridcat to "see it working")

We used to have animation about how grid works. Why taken out? Can we restore and link from "what is grid computing"?

About OSG -> Who is OSG
   * Do we maintain a list of individuals anymore?  Or a list of institutions with a contact name?

About OSG -> OSG Organization ->
   * Computing and Data Storage Resources   <---- Add this beneath VO in menu

Getting Started:

   * Add: How to Participate (We used to have a "how do you want to participate?" page. Where did it go? Can we restore?)
   * Replace "How to guide" with "Technical Documentation" (add short paragraph about different roles/tasks, then point directly to twiki doc page)
   * Software, Policies, Support, OK
   * Add Glossary
   * Remove Architecture

Contacts:
   * Can we have each institution listed with at least one contact? (I've needed this info, even if end users haven't...)

Under Tools for Collaborators %BR%
Add a direct link to the documentation twiki (/Documentation/WebHome), and call the link "User Documentation" or "User/Admin Documentation".  

---
More detail: Anne's notes about what to change in site:

   $ pid=1000068, VOs: Add "what is a vo" (description currently at http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/AdminDocVO#Introduction)  Done 10/13

---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 13, 05 Oct 2006

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1160755074" from="Documentation.OsgCommunication11Oct06" to="Documentation.OsgCommunication13Oct06"}%
