%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1163113592" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---+ Agenda and Minutes for 10 Nov '06 meeting

---++ A few things on Anne's mind
   * I need to get back up to speed; have spent a couple of weeks exclusively on CMS. What's happening?
   * OSG news: do we want to have internal type news too, e.g., "VDT just dropped packages x,y,z from release a.b.c"
   * Star Grid question: Jerome says best to use OSG/STAR grid in title
   * Next consortium meeting planning: Ruth will just talk to Katie and Frank at 11:30, and will bring AH and MT in later. Penelope will be doing some of the organizing, it sounds like.
   * SC06 material prep: Post mortem, lessons learned?
   * Any response to MT from Mike W or Paul A re: cookbook?


d21 1
---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 09 Nov 2006
-- Main.KatieYurkewicz - 10 Nov 2006
