%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1178207575" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---+ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda and Minutes 03May07

Attending:  AH, MT, JN %BLUE%(adjust by week)%ENDCOLOR%

---++ From Anne-Ruth meeting
   * We MAY restrict !DocsComm, but have to indicate somehow that it's restricted on [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view]] and in left menu bar
   * On Anne's plate: Mats Rynge to review FAQ, D0, !Vo/WebHome, attend ET and EB meetings occasionally
   * BioMOCA not ready with results
   * AH to visit RENCI, visit IU (RQ and Scott McCauley as ops coord and PI, resp)
   * Two workshops at end of July (location probably FNAL, Madison): site and fabric admin (RG,RQ), users and apps (CG, AR): they may need docs, announce in may newsletter
   * possibly a third workshop: doc, EOT and communications (organize w Mike W)
   * reserve lots of time to prepare for CHEP -- 3 demos
---++ OSG newsletter
[[CommArticlePlanning#NewsLetter][List of Planned Newsletter articles]]

---++ Web site review
[[ReviewProcess][Review Process Page]]
Lots of these are "homework" rather than easily reviewed in our meeting (for example, checking that consortium, partners, VOs are up to date). Maybe look at Who is OSG or What is Grid Computing together.  Also -- what about that home page and the campaign alert? Is this now final?

---++ Research Highlights
[[CommArticlePlanning#ResHigh][List of Planned Research Highlights]]
Jen has a question for Anne about Biomoca, how do we define "results".

---++ iSGTW Contributions
[[CommArticlePlanning#IsgTw][List of Planned iSGTW articles]]

---++ News items
Another slow week. How can I find if dates are set for upcoming meetings yet?
AH remember to forward JN media contacts, in whatever form KY originally sent to you.

---++ DocDB

---++ "On the plate"
   * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMari][Mari's To Do]]




-- Main.JenniferNahn - 03 May 2007
