%META:TOPICINFO{author="JenniferNahn" date="1172230627" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
---+ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda and Minutes 23Feb07

Attending:  AH, MT, JN 


---++ OSG newsletter
[[CommArticlePlanning#NewsLetter][List of Planned Newsletter articles]]

MT -- report on sending newsletter out

---++ Web site review
[[ReviewProcess][Review Process Page]]

It's probably time to do some more -- I've found a few little things.  In particular "Software" http://www.opensciencegrid.org/?pid=1000112 refers to NMI which I believe is dead AND calls it "institute" not "initiative"!  Let's try to get Alain Roy to review -- it's short.

Getting started is still missing a piece, and the links at the bottom need work -- I tried to put in what I think we need, but some automatically come in anyway.  

Should JN "hound" Conrad? Or another contact or approach for Currently Running Applications paragraph?

---++ Research Highlights
[[CommArticlePlanning#ResHigh][List of Planned Research Highlights]]

AH waiting for comments from Mike P on the CMS highlight; due to Danielle next Friday for March 7 publication in isgtw
Question from JN: Does this mean post on OSG Friday (2 march)? That was our new plan for these, then expect no edits from Danielle.

---++ iSGTW Contributions
[[CommArticlePlanning#IsgTw][List of Planned iSGTW articles]]

   * See research highlights for OSG contributions.
   * I haven't been finding links, images, articles, etc. from other US grid projects to contribute on weekly basis. I need to address this.
      * I emailed contacts that I'd gotten from Katie to ask (no responses)
      * Katie owes me more contacts
      * maybe I need to phone people

---++ News items
Jen's been doing great; one thing to remember is to send a summary of news items to kurtr@fnal.gov by Fri  morning Fermi time each week; he compiles list of media contacts, etc. for NSF.  I sent last week, and told him about the AAAS coverage by CNET this week.  Question from JN: Who sends summary to Kurt? I'm happy to do it, but had the idea that AH wanted it to come from her.

---++ DocDB

---++ Brochures Page
Do we post every one-pager?  
   * AH -- Probably not, I just needed to know they were in the docdb. 
   * New folder-size (2-pager) brochure coming out next week in time for all-hands. We should post this new brochure when it's ready.

---++ "On the plate"
   * Change day to Thurs as of next week -- Marcia, can you please set up the phone bridge?
   * Publications -- AH to ask people at all-hands.  Strange that JN isn't getting a response.
   * "Nuggets" (research highlights) to NSF -- Ruth sent Wed (due date), AH should follow up.
   * I'll send you my all-hands talk and you can give me feedback (1/2 is communications, 1/2 is documentation)
   * For next week, AH needs to spend time on doc issues; hoping CMS article doesn't require too much rewriting!; no new brochures -- what comm-related things will I need to do?
   * Gratia page on website: can MT do?
   * haven't done A THING about the image Mark K was working on.  He's been left in limbo.

   * We didn't meet 16 Feb. How to delete that? (JN wants to know, has had this problem elsewhere) (OK twiki support isn't generally one of the hats you all wear, but...)

   * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMari][Mari's To Do]]



-- Main.JenniferNahn - 23 Feb 2007
