%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1164832282" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+ Communications
%TOC%
This project, part of the OSG Documentation Technical Activity, is focused on *communication* for the OSG.  Specifically, it encompasses documentation and articles for non-specialized audiences, the OSG web portal, and some education, outreach and training.

---++ Meetings
Marcia, Anne, Katie, and Jen meet every Fri 9:30 a.m. FNAL time (16:30 CERN time):%BR%
Starting Nov 10 2006 for 6 weeks:
   * Call: 510-665-5437
   * Meeting ID: 3477

%SEARCH{search="OsgCommunication" scope="topic" order="created" web="DocsComm" nonoise="on" reverse="on" header="|  *Meeting*  |  *Date*  |" format="| [[DocsComm.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" noheader="off" }%

---+++ Weekly FNAL Pub Affairs office meetings
Keep OPA apprised of OSG events, press releases, etc.

---+++ Monthly LHC-related Grid meetings (lcg, osg, egee, gridpp)

KY to copy AH on emails, and invite to meetings starting Jan 07
d13 1
---++ Events
(should maintain a collaborative calendar -- what's a good tool?)
d26 12
---++ Communications Tasks and Roles

   * [[MaintainOsgWebsite][Maintain OSG website]] (AH primary, communications team is backup)

   * Review pages quarterly. 
   * Coordinate with EOT (AH primary)
   * Coordinate with EOT (backup MT)
      * Determine which to attend (Anne to attend 2 OSG, 1 Teragrid per year)
   * Review pages quarterly. [[ReviewProcess][See "Review Process"]], %BLUE%Last reviewed Dec 06%ENDCOLOR%  outstanding issues Dec 06:
Marcia Teckenbrock is webmaster, delegates to Mari Herrera and others as needed. 
   * Develop and design animations and video clips for the site.
---+++ Assist with OSG Publications
   * Maintain DocDB
   * Work with end user scientists to Cite use of OSG services, resources, middleware, appropriately in their publications and talks. 
are things organized as they should be? Maybe needs some work %BR%

everyday accounts and things: MT/MH
   * Work with members of the OSG Consortium and OSG users to report and generate news and feature stories for various outlets, including Science Grid This Week, the CERN Courier, Fermilab Today, GRIDtoday and symmetry magazine

---++++ Monthly Newsletter
   2. Figure out what's interesting about the VO's work, develop questions
   2. Identify person(s) to interview
   3. Interview
   4. Write draft
Proposed OSG Newsletter Articles:
      * develop questions
<!--   * August 2006
      * Grid Summer Workshop - Mike Wilde _Ruth wrote article; No response from Mike_
      * Application: CDF use of OSG _article too long; had to be edited quite a bit_
      * Technical Topic:  Networks - Don Petravick, Shawn McGee _Dropped from Issue:  Article was Fermi-centric and not appropriate for OSG News_
 
   *  September 2006 _September and October issues were combined_
      * FAQ for SE installation of SRM/dCache from the hands on workshop (Frank W, Torre W) - _Not done_
      * Science papers benefiting from OSG (Ruth) - _Not done_
      * Application: LIGO (Kent Blackburn) - _Not done_
      * STAR from Jerome Lauret - _DONE_
      * OGF Report (Leigh) _Not done_
      * FAQ for CE installation and configuration - Steve Timm, Leigh Grunhoefer  _NOT DONE_
      * Announce new website (Ruth's article) - _DONE_
      * _Other:  Spotlight on Researcher:  Terrence Martin_

      * Application: CMS (Oliver G)  (CDF and GADU in preparation as of 28 Nov)
      * Application: CMS (Oliver G) 
      * Technical:  CE installation (Steve/Leigh)
      * Spotlight: Tim Cartwright of the VDT team (U Wisconsin)
    
   * November 2006
      * FAQ for CE installation and configuration - Steve Timm, Leigh Grundhoefer  _NOT DONE_
      * Application: LHC service challenges _Katie has contacted for article _DONE_
      * Spotlight on Researcher:  Horst Severini _DONE_
-->
   * December 2006 (Draft by December 12)
      * Application: CMS (Oliver G) _DONE_
      * Technical:  CE installation (Steve/Leigh) _DONE_
      * Spotlight: Tim Cartwright of the VDT team (U Wisconsin) _DONE_

   * January 2007
   * [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/pub/Documentation/SC06Materials/osg_one_pager_FINAL.pdf][OSG Informational One-Page Handout for SC|06]]  - copies will be available at the FNAL/SLAC Booth #1905
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/SC06_pres_postreview_v3.pdf][***DRAFT*** Slideshow presentation for SLAC/Fermilab booth]]
   * February 2007

d137 1
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 28 Nov 2006
   *
Develop and produce talks, brochures, posters, exhibits and other OSG-related materials.
[[http://www.nees.org/Research_Activities/NSFNuggets/MakingNuggets/][NEES Nuggets primer]] and [[http://www.nees.org/Research_Activities/NSFNuggets/MakingNuggets/nugget_template.ppt#256,1,PI Name & Equipment Site  Award #][template (for NEES)]].  

Do other non-NEES NSF-funded projects use same form and template?  What's the award number, and does it vary from VO to VO?

KY says we can use research highlights, modified appropriately (sample nuggets in Anne's email from KY 21 Dec 06)

d242 1
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 28 Nov 2006%BR%
   * Teragrid: early June
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 22 Dec 2006%BR%

---++ Contact persons
   * Jon Bashor does computing-related communications at LBL;  he's now doing some communications work for ASCR (the Advanced Scientific Computing something-or-other in the DOE; JBashor at lbl.gov, 510-486-5849
   * From Paul regarding iSGTW contributions: "We can probably identify organizations to send material, but generic ones will need constant reminders since it will not be a high priority. Thinking ahead, I believe that we might be able to exploit places like SDSC, NCSA, TACC, Oak Ridge, Argonne, Indiana/NOC, LSU/CCT/LONI, SURA, JLab, SLAC, PNNL, I2 and NLR because they have existing PR machines and represent groups that have high cluster/network/Grid awareness" 

---++ Anne's other questions/comments
   * How to decide what goes to OSG newsletter, OSG RH, iSGTW article?  
      * 1 RH/mo, does double duty as iSGTW feature?  Also can be NSF nugget?
      * 1 newsletter feature/mo -- only for newsletter? Also can be NSF nugget?
   * list everything that goes into News
   * I want to meet with members of EB to get their input on role of communicator, what they want to see.
   * 

-- Main.AnneHeavey - 28 Dec 2006%BR%
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 4 Jan 2007, 28 Dec 2006%BR%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 29 Nov 2006
