%META:TOPICINFO{author="JenniferNahn" date="1169461921" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
---+ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda and Minutes 19 Jan 2007

Attending:  AH, MT, JN, KY

---++ OSG newsletter
[[CommArticlePlanning#NewsLetter][List of Planned Newsletter articles]]

Send to EB today, release by Tues.

Plan to release Jan 23; all final content due Fri 1/19 (day of this meeting) %BR%
Copenhagen article almost ready as of 1/16 %BR%
MT adding in an announcement from RWG %BR%
AH wants to do release to learn, with MT to answer questions as they arise! %BR%

---++ Web site review
[[ReviewProcess][Review Process Page]]

MT to review Get start, AH to do grid arch or tell that can't. %BR%
JN to look at get start, software, support, %BR%
MT RA page

Publications and citation page %BR%
Adding templates to "logos and templates" %BR%
MT review of Doc twiki webhome page

---++ Research Highlights
[[CommArticlePlanning#ResHigh][List of Planned Research Highlights]]

AH identified CMS researcher; will schedule interview

Also highlight the comp sci research.

---++ iSGTW Contributions
[[CommArticlePlanning#IsgTw][List of Planned iSGTW articles]]

KY to talk with DV, we'll provide ariticle for 7 feb %BR%
also get an image or link of the week, acronyms, statistics, etc.

---++ SciDAC Poster
Ruth want's two two-pagers, front and back.  Who will do this?

RP wants 4  8 and half by 11 sheets. Doesn't want standard header/footer.  KY: find out from VMS what size they can print, need it bigger and fancier.  Maybe vary arrangement, doesn't have to be 4.

Feb 4 and 5 is meeting. MT to contact VMS.

 KY's ideas:

Generic info %BR%
application (maybe two, could pull from RH) %BR%
interop %BR%
services -- resources, what people use

---++ News items
MT to email RP every Monday about this.

On home page, add journal where article appeared to make it obvious what it is.

---++ DocDB
JN review of categories %BR%
She's started, will ask MT questions.

---++ "On the plate"
   * AH put links and things on [[https://plone4.fnal.gov/P0/cd-communications/projects/osg_communications][plone site]]; we should try this out, see how it works, how much we want to actually maintain info in plone or in twiki, then decide. I don't want to maintain things in two places.

People like it, MT to ask RP about use of plone vs twiki, maybe move more things to plone.

KY would like to see posters, not newsletter preview.

   *  Jen's questions of the day (maybe we 3 discuss after KY signs off): (a) DobDB topic clarification, (b) that darn CMS.

docdb stuff: 
   
   * Whose turn to look for news items? JN has offered to just do it!
   * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMari][Mari's To Do]]

-- Main.JenniferNahn - 19 Jan 2007
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 16 Jan 2007

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1168969248" from="DocsComm.OSGCommunication19Jan07" to="DocsComm.OsgCommunication19Jan07"}%
