%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985934" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
---+ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda and Minutes 08 Feb 08
Attending:  AH, MT, JN %BLUE%(adjust by week)%ENDCOLOR%

---++ OSG newsletter
[[CommArticlePlanning#NewsLetter][List of Planned Newsletter articles]]
   * one just released; too soon to think about next?
   * any news on whether it will remain monthly?
   
   * JN: need to let people know that we need to reduce -- but it's fnal problem not osg; ruth to decide

---++ Web site review
[[ReviewProcess][Review Process Page]]
   * MT: status of test page, 2nd draft?
      * status of email to users?
      * status of nav link changes from ruth?
      * discuss Anne's nav link proposal (email 1/28 3:15) postpone
      * when to be ready to show ruth?
      * rotation plan for testimonials: propose 1/mo

AI: (MT) 
   * check cost for test site
   * show to Ruth now
   * nav link changes from Ruth

   * LG: be careful about billing with Xeno (prob only about 2k left on PO); LG will talk to Kevin; Xeno needs to keep track

   * link technology-related articles under "Technology"; separate from science articles 
      * AI: think of link name and add in, also move articles (not urgent)
      * AI: AH to help find isgtw articles to go in this category
   * MT maintenance plan -- any word back from Xeno on automated tool?  What's plan for moving ahead?
      * Xeno is working on a query for a report
   * AH time for new "technology" blurb 
   * UFL has person who's interested in working on web pages -- can we use this, and how?
      * no isolated project
      * maybe posting RHs -- how much lead time? We can give 2 bus day.
      * not necessarily creative work, more maintenance (templates already made); content work; 
      * possibilty of doing newsletter layout; deadline oriented. Help contact people for needed items (e.g. pictures)
      * Ah to think about twiki content stuff....
      * adding news items maybe, 
      * does she write?  RHs...
      * call into meetings and see what to contribute, be part of the group!
      * find tech blurb each month?



   * I need to look at doc plan with Lisa
   
---++ Research Highlights
[[CommArticlePlanning#ResHigh][List of Planned Research Highlights]]
   * NSF highlights in review
 
Comment from Ruth: isgtw articles not meaty enough for our members, potential members, peers (whoever gives her feedback)
   * still send same type/tone articles to isgtw?
   * put "meatier" versions on osg site (link to isgtw parter articles?)
   * find other outlets for meatier articles (AH spoke with JJ about this; email 2/7)
      * routinely update press mailing list from "yellow book" in her office
      * things get picked up from Symmetry sometimes; try and get articles in there once in a while (the "signal to background" section)
      * Investigate online computing journals

   * JN to do quarterly summary of news for NSF (email format)

   * Tech/ops/whatever highlight (what to call?)
      * JN to put together page a al RH page; don't link yet

---++ iSGTW Contributions
[[CommArticlePlanning#IsgTw][List of Planned iSGTW articles]]
   * CDF this week
   * WRF coming up 27 Feb
   * Engagement still not scheduled
   * CDF/D0 joint article on higgs search (spring or summer)
   * Miniboone -- whenever they get new result -- a few months away
   * storage accounting (AH to talk to Philippe next week about); joint with GridPP
   * want to get LIGO and others (have to get ScienceProjects more filled in)
   

---++ News items
   * start preparing quarterly lists of OSG in the news to send to NSF and DOE.  Should be little overhead on what Jen does already. Can Jen do? --JN: yes that should be fine. Let's discuss briefly to confirm what it needs to be.
   * peruse isgtw archive to make sure we've picked up everything to do with us; can somebody volunteer? --JN: Probably can do this. Are there other sources too that should be checked (ugh)?

---++ DocDB

---++ "On the plate"
   * debrief from VMS meeting this morning
      * posters all portrait, main 32x40, secondary 24x30; Cindy waiting to start till design concepts from Diana more set
      * RH brochure proceeding; several things on my plate (editors note, testimonials, trim articles, get researcher photos); dropped early March as deadline
      * photo shoot at RENCI -- just head shots, RENCI to do; VMS will do full body "attitude" shots here and there as people come to Fermi.
      * standard brochure not discussed
   * Fill in [[ScienceProjects]] page; contact VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo reps to get info
   * publications: MT to meet with Heath O in FNAL library to ask about gathering publication info
      * go armed with list of science projects, so he can look them up
      * one goal: Before OSG all-hands, provide me with 2 lists: science projects for which we can find pub info, and those for which we cannot.
   * Judy J to form group to plan for AAAS 09 in Chicago

   * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]


-- Main.AnneHeavey - 07 Feb 2008
