%META:TOPICINFO{author="MatsRynge" date="1216314174" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
---+ OSG Communications weekly Meeting Agenda and Minutes 19apr07
%TOC%

Attending:  AH, MT, JN, LG 

---++ OSG newsletter
[[CommArticlePlanning#NewsLetter][List of Planned Newsletter articles]]
   * Pick date for compilation and send to EB; pick date for publishing
   * aim for Fri 4/20 compile, send to eb mon 4/23, pub 4/26
   * We're still 1 summary article short -- I left messages with Paul and Mike; we should get storage from Patrick tomorrow a.m.

---++ Web site review
[[ReviewProcess][Review Process Page]]

   * Ruth asked status of this - I haven't been involved in any reviews lately. Marcia? "web portal pages which show selected sets of documents in DocDB -- I asked for  this a while ago;" (RP)
   * MT: this requires learning scripting and development; takes time; what gives?  Could this wait till Penelope can help, or Matt Arena's group? AH to reply to RP
   * MT has emailed Paul and John about outreach page, heard nothing back.  MT to ask again
   * Contacts page has Mari's name; who to do?  Jen to check with Lothar.
   * MT to look over, we'll cover next week

---++ Research Highlights
[[CommArticlePlanning#ResHigh][List of Planned Research Highlights]]

   * miniboone (MT) to appear on web site and in newsletter next week, then in isgtw 2 May.  Status? Mike P review?
   * next one: biomoca (JN) --  (AH to put it in isgtw schedule for 30 May -- is this ok?)  They're still not in production, may be delayed.
   * then AH to do CHARMM for (late) June
   * Rosetta app from engagement VO is preparing a research higlight -- will probably be ready in next week or so, I've seen 1st draft already -- exchange and put this in isgtw may 30
   * also in production is Great Plains Network -- somebody's running jobs at lincoln -- to check out

---++ iSGTW Contributions
[[CommArticlePlanning#IsgTw][List of Planned iSGTW articles]]

see research highlights above

---++ News items
   * JN asked about 0.6.1 announcement. Let's discuss

---++ <nop>DocDB

---++ "On the plate"
Jen's questions this week:  
   * Ruth's twiki calendar of events and how it relates to Mtgs and Events page.   JN to ask RP
   * Penelope's criticism of navigation on that page; is this an issue to deal with?  JN to ask KM, maybe easy fix, maybe not.
   * Ruth's suggestion to date pages esp. RHs  Yes, put month/year.  AH to do
   * Allhands broch in DocDB, was that a Todo?   Done by MT
   * CI Days listed on our page(s) ?   This is part of outreach page; PA and JM.  We need to get good photos from events. E.g., CI days
MT: place to catalog our graphics -- we'll use the images folder in the comm and outreach blue1 share
   * twiki privacy - Forrest had one suggestion seemed worth trying, refer to his mail if we want.  MT to ask Kyle G about robots.txt file for certain dirs in twiki

Anne's issues:
   * webex -- I've registered, done nothing else -- we'll get Margaret V to get us started.
   * from ideas at conference -- how do we do podcasts?  I'm so out of it! We'll need to talk to Ruth about these things. Can we use VMS? Need to pay for tapes, maybe other expenses. MT says keep it in mind, and as things come up, move on it.  Schedule meeting with VMS about this.

   * Blog idea from MT: installation issues, user experiences

   * Things I've got on my plate
      * CHEP demo preparation
      * tech doc (lots of work!)
      * graphics guy
      * working this week w Danielle to (practice) release an isgtw issue
      
   * MT working on site survey; what is status, JU said not collecting data anymore.

---++ Action Items
Anne
   * add dates on RHs in OSG website - DONE
   * ask Margaret V to meet with us about webex
   * talk to Ruth and VMS about doing multimedia for OSG
   * talk to Ruth about starting blog for installation and user issues in OSG
   * check into GPN -- is there a potential RH there?
   * web portal pages; requires scripting and development; MT doesn't have time. Ask RP for other resource to do.
   * provide last summary articles to MT for newsletter

Marcia
   * ask Kyle G about robots.txt file for certain dirs in twiki
   * call John Trash.ManagementMcGee and Paul Avery about outreach page, include CI days info in it
   * compile newsletter, etc.
   * look over reviews needed, and schedule them

Jen
   * ask Kevin about redundant links in web pages (links at bottom of each page); can the first link be renamed or is there other solution?
   * ask Ruth about calendar: for whom, update by whom, best format, purpose etc.  Better on twiki and link from events page or vice-versa?
   * ask Alain Roy and Rob Quick about page for 0.6.1, and should we link to it from home page
   * talk to Lothar about needs in other areas; if time, take care of things that have Mari's name on them for OSG

   * [[ToDoAnne][Anne's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMarcia][Marcia's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoJen][Jen's To Do]]
   * [[ToDoMari][Mari's To Do]]

-- Main.JenniferNahn and Main.AnneHeavey - 19 Apr 2007
