%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985934" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="DocumentationProject"}%
---++ NWICG press release
Northwest Indiana Conputational Grid

This is a grid consortium who is partnering with OSG. Katie's talked to Steve Tally (communications officer from Purdue, one of the NWICG institutions). NWICG will prepare the press release (less overhead for everyone involved, and lets the newcomer take the initiative -- sounds like a win-win!).

Katie will prepare a quote from Ruth and send it to Steve, along with an "About OSG" paragraph for the end. 
Then we wait to help Steve with anything he needs, or to see a draft.

---++ OSG news letter, STAR article
   * All we need to get from Jerome is numbers: how many jobs run in last month, how much data processed.  We'll let this article run a bit long. Marcia to contact him.
   * M, A, and K agree that since it's Oct, the newsletter should be dated Sept/Oct, not just Sept.  Marcia to ask Ruth.
   * Notes for A: audience for newsletter doesn't need to really understand the science, just to understand kernel idea, then see how grid helps them run it.  A bit about the application, the number of jobs run, things like that.  Keep it to 200-300 wds.

---++ State of the new OSG web site
   * No complaints (yet).
   * Marcia to remove "papers come out of OSG" link until there are some; looks bad now being empty.
   * Anne to rework the Getting Started -> How-to Guide part
   * Katie to go through all pages for a last proof

---++ One-page handout
   * Need one in time for Ruth's trip to Oakridge Oct 23
   * Back & front of 8 1/2 x 11 sheet; front is "what is OSG", back is 
      * list VOs, apps
      * Monalisa plot of jobs corresponding to VO
      * highlight a few apps
   * Front should not need to change much if at all
   * Want several versions of back, according to audience. Start with this first one, then adapt according to upcoming needs
   * Marcia to put together draft; Katie and Anne to review, edit.

---++ Nanohub
This is a VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo that joined last Jan; wanted press release; we said "wait till you get running". They are still running minimally, so this may or may not come up in the future.

---++ Next consortium meeting (UCSD)
Ruth wants it to be more of a conference; Katie has some ideas; will discuss one of the next weeks.

---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 04 Oct 2006
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1164749320" from="Documentation.OsgCommunication04Oct06" to="DocsComm.OsgCommunication04Oct06"}%
