%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1161726866" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="DocumentationProject"}%
---++ Agenda & Minutes for Project Meeting Tues 24 Oct

---+++ SC|06 Materials
Is an 8 1/2 x 11 sized sheet with logo enough for participants' booths?
For those who wish to use these materials, where do we link from?

RQ has been asking for booth and presentation descriptions.  Will forward to MT to "make pretty."

So far, place for materials is http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/Sc06Materials, and Anne suggests adding link to this page from "meetings/events" web site page.

Ok -- AH will add link.

---+++ Review cycles for web site and Twiki
Confirmed those who will update content on Twiki.  

"Review" is wrong word for Twiki content, since Twiki is free-form method of documentation.  
We need to determine a method of how user queries/comments get directed to the person responsible for the content.  Another listserv, probably, but we need a button for users to click. Maybe the Twiki design from Xenomedia will enable this?

---+++ More Twiki Issues (from Kyle) 
https version down for now. Need to move to different server.
Spellcheck, some problems when upgraded.

for release doc: make subwebs for older versions, keep current release doc in main ReleaseDocumentation area so don't need to change links

---+++ DocDB certificate authentication requirement
By 13 November? 
Maybe later.  Need to investigate IGTF certs.

---+++ Tying in VO Links 
Leigh and Rob: ideas?

---++ Provisioning and Documentation
What is process for moving user doc from Integration to ReleaseDocumenatation?



-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock and Main.AnneHeavey - 23 Oct 2006 
   * VO_process.gif: <br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/VO_process.gif" alt="VO_process.gif" width='960' height='720' />

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="VO_process.gif" attachment="VO_process.gif" attr="" comment="" date="1161705834" path="VO_process.gif" size="25896" stream="VO_process.gif" user="Main.AnneHeavey" version="1"}%
