%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1164740074" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="DocsComm.DocumentationProject"}%
---++ Documentation Project Meeting 28 November 2006

kyle, robq, fred, marcia, anne, doug 

---++ maintenance
move meeting to esnet line:  MT to set up


---+++ Goals and focus of docs group:  clarification
rq: we are the twiki police, have become a content-checking group


---+++ Review web pages  - (See ReviewProcess)
Anne to look over news/events (other web site pages don't really need review
except getting started which is already on anne's plate)

---+++ Review of twiki pages - clarify cycle, make first assignments

misci web should go away with new release (feb)

Come up with list of recommendations/requirements offer to rewrite,
   * purpose (objectives and scope)
   * current and past work items
   * contact info, some name on every page (responsible for group or activity)
   * events
   * best practices (optional)
   * meeting schedule
   * meeting minutes
   * mailing list


Assign webs:

Make sure requirements are met, links work, text is comprehensible, etc

   * accounting  -- mt
   * auditing -- fl
   * blueprint -- kg
   * comm spt -- ah
   * council -- do
   * deployment -- rq
Doug suggests: add comments at bottom of page. "reviewed by who on what date"

ah to add this to review process page.  Due date by next meeting, Dec 12.

---+++ VO Pages need movement
   * Need to request again that VOs contribute content and agree to maintain
   * RQ to keep list of VOs updated

---+++ Separation of DocsComm from Documentation twiki web
ok, go ahead
AH will move activity stuff out of documentation... and into docscomm


---+++ Status of integration twiki changes that Forrest and Rob Q or Kyle and
John Weigand have worked on (invite Forrest to meeting)

should be in production going from 051 to 052





-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 28 Nov 2006
