%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1164749802" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="DocumentationProject"}%
---++ Documentation Project Meeting, 7 November 2006

---+++ From Ruth:  osg-webmaster needs to be informed of new VOs being registered
   * This list needs to be auto-generated.  We would like to get the script from Kyle, then have XenoMedia incorporate it into the CMS.  
(Ideally, the list of VOs on the Consortium Members page would disappear and the page  "About the OSG" >> "OSG Organization" >> Virtual Organizations would use the OSG template and styles.)

---+++ SC|06 Materials
   * The one-pager and logo for members are being printed.
   * Other than adding the GOC to the presentation, no other changes were requested.  

---+++ OSG RA web pages
Needs to adopt OSG look and feel; Needs to be added to list of pages to review.
   * Doug is working on content in the Twiki.  When he is ready, Docs can review, then integrating into the OSG style will be done.  Top-level page can be a page in the Xeno CMS.

---+++ Other Items
   * From Penelope:  OSG Website:  Why is OSG @ Work a Button on the menu and under "Documentation.Tools for Developers"
      * Docs group agrees orange link labelleed "OSG at Work" is redundant and should be removed.

-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 07 Nov 2006
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1164749802" from="Documentation.ProjectMinutes07November2006" to="DocsComm.ProjectMinutes07November2006"}%
