%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1164749761" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Documentation.WebHome"}%
---++OSG Documentation Project Meeting Minutes - July 25, 2006

Kyle Gross, Fred Luehring, Doug Olson, Ruth Pordes, Tim Silvers,  Marcia Teckenbrock

The osg-docs meeting will alternate weeks, this week being the Documentation Project meeting.  Next week will be the regular meeting.  
	
---++ Activities of OSG Communication & Documentation:
   * Osg web presence
   * Communication 
   * Document Administrator, etc.  

We need to have a reviewable project baseline within 50 days of any funding date.  

---++ DATES:

August 24 at the Council meeting &#8211; draft project plan. 
Bakul Banerjee at FNAL helping to put this together.

August 8 &#8211; first pass of plans.  (Ruth will review with Miron)

---++PARTICIPANTS:
We will depend on people from outside of the project for deliverables;
We must be specific about reliance on external effort.
We will need a high-level statement of plans for all 5 years of project, even though the project plan will contain only one year&#8217;s worth of details.

Marcia Teckenbrock: at least 50% effort; Document Librarian.
Makes sure docs being entered into repository and can make complete sets and reports.  

Is documentation work (for the purposes of this meeting) for the PR pages or technical documentation?
Ruth: Both  

All pages: need a process for review.

---++SHORT-TERM ACTIVITIES
   * Write project plan and review in this meeting (OSG Communications, Documentation & Tech Writing
   * Website revamp (by consortium meeting August 21-23, 2006).
   * Anne&#8217;s documentation
Anne  to talk to people during the consortium meeting to get completion and sign off:
* SC Best Practices 
* Grid Users Guide 
* Grid Application Installation Guide


---++STATUS OF WEB REVAMP:

Katie and Marcia have split up the various pages based on meetings with Ruth and XenoMedia.  There are other pages under the &#8220;Getting Started&#8221; section that we will need someone else to look at.  Alan Sill has agreed to help with at least some of these:

	How-to guide  (needs to be shorter, less detailed) 
Grid architecture  (include some content from OSG Services, Production Grid, Integration Grid) 
	Policies  (include some content from Service and User AUP, Security) 
Support 
It is important to have layers of documentation so as not to overwhelm visitors who want more basic information.

In parallel to providing text for website rollout, we need ample and definite procedures on how to update and review.  (on Twiki page);  Frequency of review, updates.
* Marcia will post the Project Plan on the Twiki within 2 days.

OSG Mambo site has moved to new server. Twiki upgraded to version 4.0.4 and moved to new server.  (This will be reviewed next week).  
Both Mambo and twiki sites are much faster.
* Fred will get pdf maker from Steve Lloyd and Kyle will look at it.

Documentation.Tools for Collaborators page:

Item for Work Plan:  We currently have Knowledge Base there; KB items need to be moved to the public (Kyle? Marcia? Anne?);  put on Twiki page for time-being.  Doesn&#8217;t need to be done in time for rollout.

Are we going to continue to use mambo?  If not, we should phase it out rapidly because of security risk.
Decsion We will move to Xeno Media. There are costs and we are prepared to stick with them. Ruth:  Xeno thinks 3 months max to support  public web site.


---++NEXT MEETING FOR DOCUMENTATION PROJECT:

August 8, 2006






-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 25 Jul 2006
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="AnneHeavey" date="1164749761" from="Documentation.ProjectMinutes25July06" to="DocsComm.ProjectMinutes25July06"}%
