%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1202514362" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ToDoAnne"}%
---+ Internal page for planning photo shoot 2008 OSG all hands
---++ Project Members
%EDITTABLE{ header="| *message* | *person* | | | textarea, 3x30 | textarea, 3x50 |" changerows="on" quietsave="on" editbutton="Edit table" }%
|*message*|*person*| |
| Work with new VOs to help them adapt apps | Mats |  |
| Participate in tests of installation and functionality of new software stack versions | Neha or Terrence? |  |
| Work with end users to troubleshoot their problems | Shaowen |  |
| Develop and update VDT software releases | Alain |  |
| Gather requirements from users for new functionality of sw stack | Chris G |  |
| Develop security policies and help resource admins and VOs implement them correctly | Mine |  |
| Run a computing resource (or manage a site) | Jon Bednasz or Sarah Williams |  |
| Helped develop and implement a new accounting service | Philippe |  |
| Helped develop and implement a new workload management system (e.g., PANDA) | Torre |  |
| Organize and run grid training sessions for students and researchers | Alina |  |
| Provide operational support for OSG | Rob Q |  |
| Work towards interoperability | Burt H | |


%NOTE% Also photograph entire executive team

---++ Some researchers with testimonials:
%EDITTABLE{ header="| *message* | *person* | | | textarea, 3x30 | textarea, 3x50 |" changerows="on" quietsave="on" editbutton="Edit table" }%
|*message*|*person*| |
| Using OSG without knowing it is there | CDF person? |  |
| Use OSG whenever there is a bright idea | ? | | 
| | Jun Ni, U of Iowa | |
| | Horst Severini, U of OK | |
| | | |
| | | |


-- Main.AnneHeavey - 08 Feb 2008
