%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985935" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---+
---+++ Mon a.m.

Miron (came in late)
   * good talk for me to peruse pre New Mexico
   * huge disparity in way the VOs interact with sites ; VOs said they want the same thing from sites-  more uniformity
   * we hope that self-interest will keep participants staying with OSG

Rob Q
   * single table with links to all site admin services
   * GOC page hard to find from osg home, as is footprints 
   * Miron: add place where people can put suggestions, for anything that happens
   * need one page to go to
   * RWG: ties in with validation, integration, etc. put something in sw cache; evolution of site verify. set of tools for site admin, local diags to run against site (things that Chris G talked about last week)  Arvind will talk about some standardized probes that can be added to OSG CE.  Releasing with 070 ITB.  Larger purpose: make this a communicty repository that  people can contribute to.  Way of collecting things
   * Alan: (can't hear) limited public view of ticketing system for sec reasons; any osg person can get account on system
   * Miron: sec often used as excuse for not doing things; usually ~50 open tickets; can somebody move some tickets to unclassified list?  Invite people to send Miron email when answer to question is "can't do it due to security".
   * Chris: vos want automatic services due to trust relationship, uniform interface; need to modify users expectations while trying to give them what they want and need
   * "free cycles" objection by miron; what is "free"? want as much as they can. also add storage. what is right way for vo and facility to communicate their link/dependencies?   My idea: place to store in VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo web.  Chris: user use sites over which they have some control.  need to make progress. vo ought to be able to expect certain things from sites
   * has point of view POV for many roles.  Site admin: storage services can be huge barrier (other comment i couldn't hear)
   * also provide pov of s/w providers

Rob G
   * req's for ITB now are heavy -- run 100 jobs, need signif resources; how to get sites more motivated to participate in ITB
   * CMS participates because they get themselves prepared for real installation; Miron: important part of ITB is debug, troublsht; ITB adds to knowhow of site; deal with problems that will be gone by time of real release, but is this more valuable to site to participate?  Jorge: apps need to be able to test against sites; RWG: partition sites; Miron: how can we better run the process to make it more valuable to sites?  Is hw an issue?  Some sites set up head node for itb and another for production.  Fast cycle of ITB is issue -- want easier turnaround for itb headnode.   RWG: we'll have at least 2 itb releases before 080.  Less time this time to cycle through; will go fast.   Want quick install, 1hr or so, of itb. Separate itb sysadmin emails (itb list to voluminous); rwg says we have a list, but maybe need a "notify" list.
   * will we get to point where there are too many ITB sites?  Have "never in prod", "in prep for prod", "in prod".
   * Alan; happy to run canned VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo test. Propose repository to check out minimum application.  Rob Q says that relates to probes.  Atlas has pilot checker to run on a site to check out env.  RWG would like to expand use of Chris' test suite.
   * Miron: prob in itb: how do we get new release of prod distrib sw deployed?  is hard prob. Hope one outcome is methodology of how to do it. At which point bring customers into process in most productive way? How help them create it? More pieces and more vos, more complicated. 
   * in brown slide illus facility -- grey boxes Miron's; add engagement.  Security there is more about oversight; Miron: site config and trusted CA's is area of current sec issues. What's role of troublsht in integ effort? See more trouble in itb than osg. 
   * year 2: more systematic way of bringing in new sites 
   * how to upgrade in real time w/o taking site down
   * under integ twiki; SiteIntegrationPlanning -- people to add their ideas.

after break
Gabriele
   * 
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 30 Jul 2007
