%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985935" format="1.1" version="1.242"}%
---+ To Do List for Anne (OSG Communications)
%TOC%

[[CommArticlePlanning][Planned articles]]%BR%
[[GraphicsRequirements][Graphics Requirements from VMS]]%BR%
[[CommArticlePlanning#TestiMonials][Testimonials]]%BR%
[[OsgCommMeetings][Comm meetings]]%BR%
[[PrepIsgtwWithDan][Prep for isgtw co-editorship with Dan]]%BR%
[[AreaCoordTelecon][Notes from Area Coordinators biweekly meetings]] %BR%
[[ScienceProjects][list of science projects on OSG; started Feb 08]] %BR%
[[WebSecurityGocSandboxMar08][Prepare for security/goc meeting w Rob Q and Mine]] %BR%
[[MeetWithMironFeb08][Meeting about website etc with Miron at UWM Feb 08]] %BR%
[[CommunicationsContacts]]%BR%
[[Main.DocsTwikiResponsibles08]]%BR%

---++ Things going on (not nec. my to-do)
   * look through new twiki https://twiki-dev.grid.iu.edu/ (3/18) (for deployment midsummer)
   * survey for user feedback; they're soliciting questions... 3/12
   * organizing subcommunity within user group for bio -- MT to be involved?
   * Neha to write up srmcp 
   * chander's request re: dns names and pointers -- MT?
   * Judy J to form group to plan for AAAS 09 in Chicago
   * isgtw
      * connect gridcafe to isgtw; involve Alina's edu activity, she'll be on adv board
      * videos: have meeting w Lisa, David, VMS, Jenny L
      * EGEE hiring extra help for isgtw, Danielle applying; else osg will offer her contract for ~3 stories/mo
      * possibility of extra 1/2 FTE funding from NSF for U.S. isgtw editor starting end of fiscal year


---++ from RENCI meeting
[[PlanAnneScheduleForRenci]]%BR%
   * comments on tutorial to Alina
   * contact potential article-providers (NOT virtual cell or sbgrid -- CB already pinged, not C. Blake)
   * tell Alina about photos when ready (3/31)

---++ Main items (latest at top) 
   * work on cms article data debugging from jletts
   * start checking gridtoday to check for reprints; they should ask for permission; Derrick Harris, derrick@gridtoday.com editor; 
   * meet w vms about rh brochure graphics -- and with judy; discuss a) the cost of development b) the cost of production
   * maxim to provide doc on glexec/pilot -- coordinate with him
   * add user suite info to doc twiki
   * Abhishek mentioned app requirements -- coordinate to get into doc twiki
   * new version of twiki coming out; will need to review; robq 3/19 11am
      * kyle put in tracking plugin -- check it out
      * how to help twiki page owners update regularly. Automated emails? What tools does twiki have; make table of resp persons and when last updated by them?
      * what plugins to implement?
      * which ones are implemented in current twiki; will we keep them all?
      * feature list at http://www.wikimatrix.org/show/TWiki
      * how much double-click editing can you do? Just for tables?
      * http://twiki.org/cgi-bin/view/Plugins/ActionTrackerPlugin looks interesting; others for tracking/notifying, etc?
      * http://twiki.org/cgi-bin/view/Plugins/TWikiDrawPlugin
      * any good ones for making forms?

      * what to put in page template?

   * write up accounting article (from Feb)
   * get postcard files to VMS (in PR mail folder)
   * change web name from !ReleaseDocumentation to !InstallationGuides or some such?

2/18
   * meet with Lisa about textpad, winzip; sound
   * find CommunicationsContacts 
   * also for publications, ask EB and council for media contacts at their institutions and for their projects (set up phone meeting)
   * look into how to get permissions from people photographed at events (per conversation w Alina 2/18)

   * see email from self 2/14 about meeting w Ruth
   * verify that Marv at NSF has all he needs

Gratia shows that one Andrew Schultz from Dave Kofke's group is running under the NYSGrid VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo across several OSG sites thanks to your engagement efforts? Steve says the application is "higher-order virial coefficients of water models".

   * discuss OIM and VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo science projects -- what do we want to do?
   * look again at grid facts sheet
   * link to new rel doc page for how to update VDT 
   * fill in [[DocsComm/ScienceProjects]]

-Asked Ted H to rework Documentation/StorageDcacheCopying - somewhat Fermi-centric
   *  learned that sites will be providing their specs (e.g., for MPI) via standard info tools as of osg 1.0 (OIM) so don't have to worry about
documenting them elsewhere (just need to doc that fact).
   * Ted's email with storage links -- deal with

   * discuss approaches to getting publications listed
   * Read John Trash.ManagementMcGee's talk at Jan 08 review
   * gather list of PR contacts; discuss with Ruth
   * find out who can help with comm and outreach at major institutions

1/22/08
   * work with vms as needed on RH brochure etc. per meeting 1/22
1/16/08
   * chris g suggests schematic for doc hub, and parameterization for versioning so you can get doc hub for current or archived OSG version
   * register for osg all hands mtg
1/15/08 Reading area coord reports
   * troubleshooting -- do I link to their pages adequately?
   * eot: nothing about coord with edu and communications... maybe user support should be part of this (broaden scope of usage of OSG; help engage more diversified sci communitiies)
   * app, ext & users: oppor storage ready for deployment feb08 with OSG 1.0?  and MPI. might be fodder for article
   * ext comm (ruth): scidac CEPDS R&D program?
    * upcoming RH's (email 12/28/07) pnnl - greg thain, ligo britta, ligo cert Warren Anderson, GPN Dave Swanson, 

1/3/08
   * 1/14/08 twiki page on upgrading VDT version within your CE... (see tech doc mail folder)
   * from site admin meeting action items ([[Integtration/MinutesSitesDec13]]: still to do:
      * get feedback on nav and fix it
      * work out with Rob if need my admin page (on website) or just his (in twiki)
   * look at siddhartha's email about what he's done before FIGS08

   * community support twiki home page -- email sent
   * operations -- do we want to send anyone here or straight to goc page?

   * waiting on *reviews of pages for release* (list in email from rp 11/8 under tech_doc)
      * Vo alphabet soup https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoAlphabetSoup  (fkw)
      * How to form vo (now only in https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GettingStarted) (paul)
      * How does vo fit into osg https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoAdminInOsg  (fkw)
      * Roles and groups https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRolesAndGroups  (fkw)
      * done - Grid users guide https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuide  (Abhishek)

12/21
   * go through inbox
   * follow up with economics guy (sent mail 12/24, try again end of Jan)
   * sarah pearce accounting followup
   * setup weekly meeting with lisa about communicating project stuff.
12/6/07
   * from Chander's email 12/10 [[OSGReports/UpdateWbs]]:
      * create presentation introducing OSG capabilities and mission due 11/30/07
   * contact people in 11/27 email w ruth about meeting them

---++ To discuss with Ruth
Week of 4/14
   * I'll follow up with Diana and Judy on RH brochure next week
   * contacts page:  I can call people we know at each instit and start there, or just start at their website
   * documentation transition -- I should help with
   * should we tell Karen Green that the renci photos are poor quality?
   * Am in communication with Cristy and Dan; she sent lots of good info to review
      * will attend adv board meeting Mon
      * set up 3 way meeting Tues
      * trip to CERN is moving forward
   * set up meeting with Xeno for tips on latest incarnation of istgw website
   * Articles: 
      * CMS data xfer in review by J Letts; it will go to exec bd; 
      * accounting article: Sarah Pearce is running it by their developer
      * I'll contact Andrew Shultz; 
      * awaiting LIGO paper; then will revisit article and link of week
   * Question: am I OSG communicator for the time being? Or is this just semantics at this point?

week of 3/31/08 (see email 4/4 2:48pm from me to ruth&lisa)
   * mission statement (tag line)
   * RH brochure draft (for Judy's review) out 4/9 or so
   * poster for scidac PI meeting (and resp and auth for posters)
From last area coord meeting (which AH missed)
   * contact ext project: expectations and agreements
   * defining science goals
   * demonstrating publishing benefit and value -- demonstrating worthy science -- clarify this issue, please
   * what's "computer center mentality"?
   * summarize external reviewers findings / action items? maybe in a newsletter article? I see Chander's "implement AI db" -- that's news.
isgtw issues:
   * renaming isgtw to twigs "This week's international grid science" -- great idea from Steve Nahn!
   * new isgtw editor: Dan?
   * ligo article: coordinate with einstein@home phys paper coming out in about a month (per Kent)
   * accounting article drafted and sent to sarah pearce to review
   * determine upcoming research highlights [[CommArticlePlanning]]

   * LIGO RH; our expectations of RHs in general; sig results only?
   * NSf (Gwen morgan)
   * comm contacts at other instit (other osg staff sites)

PR stuff
   * status of VMS work
   * Cristy's postcards
   * coordinate flyers, posters for EOT with standard OSG?

misc comm
   * Grids Projects Fact Sheet [[http://it-comm-team.web.cern.ch/IT-Comm-Team/repository/factsheet.html#osg]] -- Ruth will take responsibility
   * have you heard of [[http://www.govitmagazine.com?s=newsletter&m=email&c=oh]] (email 1/24 -- legit?)


Documentation

 
1/17/08
   * have to check on all outstanding twiki page reviews (listed above in todo list); need to put in edits from a couple

---++ Things to do every week
   * ping Ruth weekly for OSG news -- MT
   * review isgtw draft
   * get article/link/image to Cristy for isgtw
   * review [[http://www.isgtw.org/editorials/doku.php?id=start][isgtw wiki]], especially "projects to cover"  (defunct)
   * do my website reviews
   * send Kurt R list of media contacts of the week on Friday a.m.

---++ Things to do every month or quarterly
   * send email to U.S. grid projects asking for updates, stories, links, images, etc.
   * send an OSG story/image/link to isgtw
   * quarterly: update WBS per Chander; participate in scheduled area coord meetings

