%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1185905955" format="1.1" reprev="1.12" version="1.12"}%
---+!! %MAKETEXT{"Welcome to the OSG Documentation Activity web" args="<nop>%WEB%"}%
%TOC%

---++ Objectives and Scope 

The objectives of the Documentation activity are to define and manage:
   * the areas of OSG requiring documentation, i.e. the different sections that will have distinctly managed web presence
   * responsible individuals for each part
   * the technology/tools needed for each part
   * the review and administrative processes for each part
   * time frames
This activity encompasses technical and non-technical documentation; education, training and outreach; the OSG web portal; and the OSG Twiki.

Technical areas requiring documentation include:
   * Information for OSG developers, activity members (twiki, not for public)
   * Operations pages
   * Information for OSG users, resource admins (twiki, for public)
The Documentation Activity manages a project to create and maintain this information.

The communications group is responsible for presenting OSG to the public, thus maintaining the content of the Xenomedia-crafted website. This includes:
   * Communications (news/events, newsletters, research highlights, contacts, and so on)
   * Layperson-friendly descriptions of grid technology used by OSG


<!--
Of the areas, we decided to concentrate on:

   * OSG consortium pages, plus communications (e.g., OSG newsletter)
   * OSG grid pages 
   * operations pages
-->

---++ Participants:

   * Chander Sehgal - Project Coordinator (Keeps WBS and Project Reports)
   * Anne Heavey - OSG Communicator  and Documentation
   * Marcia Teckenbrock - Document Librarian and communications; at least 50% effort; Makes sure docs are entered into repository and can make complete sets and reports.  
   * Forrest Christian - Tech writer 
   * Jen Nahn - assisting with communications
   * Other regular participants:
      * Kyle Gross
      * Doug Olson & Rob Quick
      * Mike Wilde (Education)
      * Operations,
      * Invite other people various weeks, depending on agenda
   * as of March 2007 Anne has invited Chris Green, Abishek Singh Rana, Craig Prescott, John !DeStefano, Rob Quick to participate in doc effort too. 

---++ Technical Documentation 
   * [[Documentation/WebHome][Doc for users and admins]]
   * [[DocumentationProject][Project to Manage technical doc]]
      * [[DocumentationProject#Meetings_and_Minutes][Meetings]]
      * [[ReviewProcess#OSG_at_Work_Twiki][Reviews of  twiki pages]]

---++ Communications
   * [[OsgCommunications][Project to Manage Communications]]
      * [[OsgCommunications#Meetings][Meetings]]
      * [[ReviewProcess#OSG_Web_Site_Xenomedia_pages][Review of website]]

---++ Coordination with Education activity
   * [[PlanningForEotDocEffort]]

---++ Document Activity Meetings (No longer held; see [[DocumentationProject#Meetings_and_Minutes][current tech doc meetings]])

---+++!!2006 OSG Documentation Activity Meetings
Bi-weekly telephone meetings of the [[DocumenatationProject][Documentation Project]] are held at the same time and number on alternate Tuesdays. (Suspended end of 2006; to resume March 2007)

Peruse the minutes for the last ten meetings of OSG Documentation (see also the [[Documentation.MeetingNotesListing][complete listing]]):

As of 28 Nov 06 meeting notes are kept under !DocsComm web, no longer under Documentation.  Find subsequent meeting notes here (I moved over 10 Oct 06):
%SEARCH{search="Meeting" scope="topic" order="created" web="DocsComm" nonoise="on" format="| [[DocsComm.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" header="| *Meeting* | *Created* |"  reverse="on" noheader="off"  limit="10" }%

Find earlier meeting notes here:

%SEARCH{search="Meeting" scope="topic" order="created" web="Documentation" nonoise="on" format="| [[Documentation.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" header="| *Meeting* | *Created* |"  reverse="on" noheader="off"  limit="10" }%

_[[Documentation.MeetingNotesListing][Complete listing of all meeting notes for the OSG Documentation Activity]]_

---+++ Notes from other meetings and misc things
   * [[EotDocMtgFermilab01Aug07]]
   * [[SysadminMtgFermilab30Jul07]]
   * [[UsersMtgFermilab26Jul07]]

---+++!!Other Activity/Project Meeting Minutes
As of 28 Nov 06 meeting notes are kept under !DocsComm web, no longer under Documentation.  Find subsequent meeting notes here:

%SEARCH{search="Minutes" excludetopic="MeetingNotes*, ProjectMinutes*" scope="topic" order="created" web="DocsComm" nonoise="on" reverse="on" header="|  *Meeting*  |  *Date*  |" format="| [[DocsComm.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" noheader="off" }%

Find earlier meeting notes here:
%SEARCH{search="Minutes" excludetopic="MeetingNotes*, ProjectMinutes*" scope="topic" order="created" web="Documentation" nonoise="on" reverse="on" header="|  *Meeting*  |  *Date*  |" format="| [[Documentation.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" noheader="off" }%


---++ Grid Support
%RED% What is status of these items 28 Nov 06?%ENDCOLOR%

Items:

   * method for maintaining internal-use, i.e. non public pages
   * site map
   * public page describing the mailing lists used for support
   * internal page that describes how the mailing lists are maintained  
   * incorporate the support center registration form
   * public list of all support centers, including contact information. Initial list for draft can be grabbed from Integration.IntegrationTestBed, and include core infrastructure services including: !CoreMIS, Grid Cat, Monalisa, BDII, Discovery, Accounting, Storage Resource Manager, Virtual Data Toolkit (VDT), Documentation.Pacman
   * site installation page
   * security incident page - incorporate how-to report a security incident text from the Security Incident Handling and Response Guide (on the OSG DocDB)

---++ Workflows, Best Practices
   * [[WebBestPractices][Website Best Practices Guide]]
   * twiki best practices guide %RED%Maybe Forrest has something%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[Documentation.DocWorkFlowSOPMar06][Documentation workflow from integration to production]]  %RED%This is pre-Forrest; still valid?%ENDCOLOR%
   * [[Documentation.TalksSOPJun06][Talks publication workflow]]

---
-- Main.AnneHeavey - 28 Nov 2006, 04 Oct 2006
