%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1226510935" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ActionItemsForSecurityTeamMembers"}%
| Work Item | Status | Date Opened | Date Closed |
| Survey VOs on CA transitioin | http://www.surveygizmo.com/s/69345/osg-vo-ca-survey | ~ 9/19/08 |   |
| Survey sites on CA transition | http://www.surveygizmo.com/s/69947/osg-sites-ca-survey | 9/24/08 | |
| 1) Secure Inicdent Submission Form. Current GOC incident submission is not over ssl and does not include security specific fields </p> | Open. Not complete. The plan is/was to have an SSL-secured form on the same server as the existing OSG trouble ticket submission form and have it send unencrypted email to the ticket system. The idea being that unencrypted email over the LAN at the GOC is sufficiently secure. Rob Quick had agreed to setting it up, following the release of OSG 1.0. No action since (AFAIK). | 04-09-2008 | |
| 2) FAQ on DOEGrids and certificates: under Documentation/OSG/FAQ | complete, review periodically | 04-09-2008 | 08-??-2008 |
| 3) Incident Response Guidance for Site and VO admins. This includes 1) putting a list of questions that site and vo admins should answer during an incident. The questions are geared to help the admins to understand the incident better 2) putting what to do during a suspicious behavior. 3) the list of log files in VDT. 4) scripts to run, files to look and etc. | Open. think it should be done as a release-specific document and should, in principle, be available through the vdt log rotation tool. I can work with Jeff Porter to arrange it. Very little effort spent yet in this topic. | 3-20-2008 | |
| 4) Secure comm. channels during an incident between security contacts, site admins and security team | Open. Twiki access is provided to those with an account. We must form a group of security contacts and help those without twiki accounts | 3-20-2008 | |
| Footprints accessby security team and protection of security tickets. Security team should view and take action for existing security tickets. If possible, even separate the security tickets for additional work by the team. In addition, who has access to footprints tickets? | Open. I think Rob Q. talked to some Footprints expert and decided it was possible but no follow-up implementation plan was made. I think it needs detailed discussion between some security team members and GOC and footprints expert. <br />Is it redundant with twiki access to secure incident information? What if the GOC ticket has references to the private incident info on the twiki and only non-private info in the ticket? | 4-29-2008 | |
| <p> Registration Authority workflow implementation and modifications. What about non-OSG RAs-- do we even care? probably not. </p><p>A second issue here is cert revocation due to information changes including RA/and VO changes. </p> | Open. Not complete. Initial design is done and at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Security/OSGRAEmailNotifications. Not too much happened in the last couple weeks due to vacation. Currently investigating Google Apps via the UC Educ. license of LBNL to see If it is suitable for mail list and archiving infrastructure. | 6-10-2008 | |
| storage proxy clean-up problem | We should review the twiki page on this, perhaps it is done. | 7-08-2008 | |
| survey of storage protocols used by OSG VOs | Open. I'm not sure this is worded correctly. If those are the right words <br />then the survey is simply the registration DB of storage elements. <br />OSG supports SRM and gridftp protocols. <br />I thought the question was, who is using xrootd protocol for public access <br />to OSG registered storage elements, and which server code is being used, <br />to understand if an xrootd security hole exists. <br />So far <br /> - FNAL probably does not support xrootd protocol to the registered dcache SE's <br />  but need to follow-up with SE managers. <br /> - Caltech does snot support xrootd to dcache SE <br /> - BNL/ATLAS uses xrootd internally but not via any public interface. <br /> - others SE's not yet surveyed. | 25-07-2008 | |
| Examples of VO Membership and AUP policies<br> requested from VOs at 9/18/08 VO meeting | [[ExistingVoPoliciesSep08][Existing VO policies]] for membership and AUP  | 9/18/08 | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |

---+++ Log file locations
<pre>
$VDT_LOCATION/vdt/etc/vdt.logrotate.
 - globus-gatekeeper.log is the record of job submission and access
 - gridftp-auth.log is the record of GridFTP authentication
 - other files are important depending upon the characteristics of
    the incident. 
</pre>

I suggest that we add another link under the "Additional information"
section of
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome
to a page describing the log files of the various services.

The "ReleaseDocumentation" URL above is the "Installation Guides" link
from
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/WebHome

Ideally we can get a section on description of the log file contents
for each service as part of the installation or administration guide
for each service, and then provide links to those sections from the
one page log file description page.



-- Main.MineAltunay - 07 Aug 2008