%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1268791977" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2010"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes 3/16/2010
Jim, Anand, Igor, Doug and Mine

*Jim:* 
   * Tier 3 incident. talked with the admin this morning. The incident was most likely a false positive. 
   * Lessons learned and action items from the incident
      * Action Item: A checklist for site admins to follow after reporting the incident. In this case, the admin wiped the node and re-installed it. Jim will either email the checklist after a security ticket is created or post it online or both 
      * Action Item: Jim will contact local security team and understand why they did not respond over the weekend. Admins also are hesitant about contacting the local security teams with the fear of burdening with more security work. We should play a buffering role between the local teams and the site admins. Avoiding security by ignoring it will not work. Also if local security teams had unreasonable requests, then we should help the sites. 
      * Action Item: Create a test ticket to see if security team members can modify the ticket. There is a bug in ticketing system. Jim cannot modify the tickets. Jim will send any updates to security team and goc or security team will pass the updates manually. 
   * Action Item: Submit ticket link needs to be updated. Mine checked the link later and it works now. Mark as complete. 
   * Action Item: OSG RA link is broken. Mine fixed it with the correct link. 
   * Action Item: William Baltz requested documentation for signing emails with X509 certificates. Verisign and other companies have very good documentation. OSG has none. 
   * The new bug in openssl on debian platforms. 
Ligo is using this debian version.

*Doug:*
   * Testing our CA bundle generation scripts are not immediate. Doug wants to set up a test ITB cache. 
   * Action Item: getting a test ITB cache for CA bundle
   * GOC will come out of its freeze next week. 
   * Arvind finished his fixes for the voms monitor. The probe does not turn a failure until 10% of VOMS servers are failing.
   * Doug is about to send out the virtual machine for database replica service to GOC.
   * Action Item: arrange a discussion about the registration workflow at fermilab here.

*Anand:*
   * Action Item: to test the new web page on mozilla and explorer browsers. 
      * Can he build a wrapper around cert-request scripts. where is the private key generated and stored. 
      * Look at ian-stokes reeses page.
   * vdt-ca-manage is sent to vdt team. the Action Item is complete. 
   * Action Item: when is the next release of pakiti tool. 

*Igor:* 
   * the Atlas is doing the glexec testing on its own. No help requested from Igor. 
   * Action Item: follow up with the Marco's CRL survey results. Mine heard from marco that 17 admins have responded. 
   * Action Item: work on Condor vulnerability. Especially important because glidein factories can support multiple VOs. No details on a public page.  
   * Action Item: find out from Alain if we need to do any work with openssl bug. Mine asked Alain, we do not need to do anything. Item completed. 




-- Main.MineAltunay - 17 Mar 2010