%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625569" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes

*Kevin*
   * couple vulnerabilities. openssl vulnerability, moderate for DOS. we will make a public announcement. we will wait on web scripting language.
   * Voms-admin vulnerability: check with sites without known voms-admin versions. contact high risk sites. respond to Maarten. 
   * sent grid-sec membership request. has not heard from the list maintainers. 
   * test the case that a DOErids root ca expires in user's browser and use has a valid cert. would firefox complain? what about email clients? 
   * Help Alain with getting the SHA2 project going. 

*Marco*
   * found the list of security contacts corresponding to the checkboxes in the announcement page. Ticket #11428. Ask GOC staff for general roles signed up for the checkboxes in the announcement list.  
   * more attention to bulletin boards

*Anand*
   * Got a list of sites for the new incident drill. 9-10 sites. picked up sites we never tested before. they are mostly small sites.  [[CandidateLIst]] of sites for testing.
   * Inquire with Brian about some sites not knowing ow to ban a user
   * Documentation work. Went through the security pages and worked on them. The final page Anand needs attention is https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/Release3.NavOsgSecurity. This is a page for site admins to look at. Mine will review this. 
   * Read the risk assessment document from EGI. Focuses on missed ssh keys. Anand disagrees with impact of lost ssh keys which is defined as high impact. Igor argues about the attack vectors and their impacts

   * The definition of impact levels at OSG is at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SecurityTeam/IncidentResponseProcess
   * CA release process should be set up. Meeting is set on Th. Anand will summarize the needs of security team from GOC and VDT. 
   * A complaint from a German CA user was resolved. The release process at GOC was mistakenly releasing the same deb package for all four CA packages. Scott has fixed this in ITB and will fix it in production on Jan 24 (next production).  More work is needed to streamline process and we will discuss this in Thursday meeting with GOC/VDT. [[SecurityTeam.StreamliningCAReleaseProcess][Meeting Notes]]

*Igor*
   * No news. 
   * Attending WLCG TEG for CMS. 
 





-- Main.MineAltunay - 10 Jan 2012
