%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1283361654" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes 
Attendees Joel Snow, Anand, Doug, Jim, Igor, Mine

*Joel and D0 data transfer problem:*
   * D0 data transfer at UCSD has stopped. D0 uses a service certificate for data transfer. the service certificate is already in the D0 VOMS server. Joel says that OSG VO template does not have the D0 service certificate. At each site, admins have to manually add the service certificates to their entries. 
   * Mine asks what does other VOs do? CMS has glideinWMS factory and they have no problem using service certificates. OSG VO template has the roles for the service certificates. there is nothing holding back D0 from doing the same. 
   * Joel asks about the validity of using service certificates in production. the security team unanimously agree that service certificates can be used in production. 
   * The service certificate is handled by SAM data handling service. Adam Lyon and Robert Illingwor of Fermilab are responsible for the node. the machine is located at Fermilab and managed professionally. 
   * We all agree D0 should put the service certificate into D0 VOMS if not already. 
   * Igor proposes having different types of DN for data transfer and job submission may be helpful. We decide to take this offline in the interest of time. 
 
*Igor:*
   * Mine asks about the treads on Glue-X security review. Igor says he has forwarded this request to Jim. Jim explains that the request was to review the plan Glue-X proposes at Jefferson lab in order to punch holes at the jefferson's network firewall. 

   * Upgrading to new VOMS. Alain recently asked whether VDT should upgrade to latest VOMS version. Latest voms use https and the clients we have use only gsi. Our clients in VDT and the latest server cannot talk to each other. Alain put together a page for this. Igor says VOMS does not use gsi. how do they implement the proxy support for voms? Igor says this was already in openssl. Mine is not sure since the support for proxies in openssl is mentioned but it is never really been used or tried. The Fermilab is pushing to move onto the latest VOMS because they want to start using VOMS-Admin. thus, fermilab can stop supporting VOMRS. 
   * Action Item* understand the security protocol and implementation in the latest VOMS. How much work would it be for the VO admins to upgrade to the latest version? 
   * Igor will work on documentation work this week and he is on vulnerability duty.

*Jim:*
   * Documentation. document call was on last friday. Few documents that are related to columbia meeting moved into
training area. 19 out of 35 documents passed the reviews , 14 passed the testing process as well. We will meet our October deadline. 

   * Pakiti. All sites that missed a patch have been contacted. Jim contacted 7 (1 is dead) sites out of ten. Anand put a wiki page on how we setup pakiti;what a critical patch means; what should an admin do for patching; and how to join pakiti. We have Alan Sill, Tony, Burt, Malina Doug Johnson registered in pakiti.

   * *Action Item* send another round of email to site admins by Th. 
   * No vulnerabilities. One root compromise on TeraGrid but does not affect OSG. 
   * No operational issues .

*Anand*
   * Ticket 8872. what happens if GOC does not apply the patch? We cannot have the RSV probe that compares our CA content against IGTF distribution working. We can make do for another two weeks. The date for applying the patch is 9/14. *Action Item* Mine will bring up this ticket at the facility meeting.
   * Fetch-crl. is it included in the latest VDT release. 2.7.x was what we agreed to include in VDT. Anand will check which version he last tested. he may have tested one more version after the 2.7. 
      * The central crl service configuration is in v3.0. v3.0 is a complete new rewrite. v 3.0 handles the openssl 1.0 formats. since none of our sites has openssl 1.0 , this is not necessary.
   * get-cert web page. Still not in production. *Action Item* bring up at the facility meeting. Update: both ticket 8872 and the get-cert web page will be in production by 9/14. 
   * About the work on cert-replacement page: it is a very easy page to duplicate. We can add this into our cert request web page. Anand thinks this will not be used very frequently. But half the people misses to replace their certs on time, so it is better to have a unified web page for these. *Action Item* we will send the instructions to Dhiva once our pages are in production. The instructions to fix are mostly about renewal emails and they are available on the security twiki pages. 


















-- Main.MineAltunay - 01 Sep 2010
