%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1329846883" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Minute 
*Kevin*
   * Installing the OSG CE. Working on the worker node installation and gums installation. Due date is March 5th. 
   * AHM meeting progress. set up a VM with vulnerable ssh. Top priotity is to get prepared for the AHM>  
   * Mine will work on AHM presentation slot. Incorporate lessons learned from past incidents. 
   * Will ask Alan Sill if he would like to come to present his lessons-learned. Alan tried to install tripwire an etc after the compromise. 
   * No tickets open. 

*Anand*

   * Will contact the sites that will be drilled before the AHM.   
   * Updated the Updating the CA release project plan with latest status. 
      * Draft email for sites is prepared. 
      * Will prepare instructions for uninstalling old repo and installing new repo. 
      * Contacted Scott about updating the instructions on https://software.grid.iu.edu/
   
   * Update the project management template according to the new project template. Will be finished by 24 Feb. 
   * Built and released CA bundles and scripts for SL6. 
   * Ticket 523 is completed and closed. issue of missing dependencies in the spec file. Re-built the package. 
   * Ticket 11598. Still open. GOC decommisioned the URL where Doug was pulling the VO list. This is used by cert-request. Opened two new JIRA tickets: 546 and 547. there is a static list of VOs in scripts' config file. Will update the list. 547 is the permanent solution for having a dynamic list at GOC. 546 has higher priority. 
   * Ticket 11391 Closed. New-layout Debian CA package became the default. We did not ask for this. GOC changed the default. No one has complained so far. 

*Marco*
   * slow week. no emergencies. low criticality vulnerabilities. 
   * change the software vulnerability handling process on twiki. emails are not supposed to be sent to vdt-security anymore, but to GOC. 
 





-- Main.MineAltunay - 21 Feb 2012
