%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1251221083" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings03_16_2009"}%
---++Meeting Minutes 8/25/2009

Igor: no problems , no tickets opened. Igor will start with documenting the GOC transition. 

Anand: able to compile the code. moving the server. 

Jim: linux kernel announcement is ready. sl is almost ready to go. red hat update has . 

illinois hep david lesny. on top of things. applied work arounds. good firewalls in place. updated contacts in OIM. 
T3 GS is not oficial tier3. run all of GS. spends a lot of tim looking RSV sttaus and syslog ng messages. 
very vague. central log collection. very concerned about his site reliability. concerned about CRLs and CA status. he dropped a south american ca. 
Tufts will be on thursday. Number of IP addresses 

talked to dan fraser. he does not have list of Tier3. he has not talked to tier 3 directly. talk to tier3 liaisons. tier3 meetings. when we have security on the agenda , jim will go. 
rob snihur cms , rick yoshida atlas tier 3 coordinator. doug benjamin atlas tier 3 liason.  graduate student advisor. what is student'sr responsibility and say in a cluster. 
in terms or respnonsibility and say in the site issues

software providers meeting Igor's name does not show up. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 25 Aug 2009