%META:TOPICINFO{author="DaveDykstra" date="1463496724" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 3297985

---++ Dave
   * Made talks for WLCG tracceability/isolation working group and OSG Staff retreat, the talks went OK.
   * Jim Basney has furthered IGTF discussion about changing CILogon Silver CA to use BIRCH level of authentication, so far so good.  Comments about it at the OSG Staff retreat is that they could be OK with it if it only took a small amount of OSG staff time.
   * Further discussion, probably development needed for automating host cert renewals

---++ Jeny
   * OSG CA transition
      * The last set of VOs has been transitioned. EGI reported issues with the VOMS server certificate update on LZ VO (one of the VOs transitioned). https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29793
      * Still working in Contingency plan, I need CILogon responses times for the specific cases addressed there.
   * OSG Operations
      * Received report of a potential security issue in HDFS installations at US CMS T2 sites. A security incident was open at OSG. The report was received from WLCG Security Officer, Romain Wartel on May 9th, early morning. CERN was contacted over the week-end by a third party, regarding a number of exposed CMS Hadoop instances.
         * HDFS installations at three T2 sites were found exposed. I contacted the T2 sites administrators to give them initial instructions to address the issue.
         * A list of T3 sites with HDFS installations was received. T3 sites administrators
         * I'm doing additional testing for HDFS installations.
      * An announcement was sent on May 12th to OSG users informing about the recent added email signing feature.
   * Fermilab Security
      * Wrote the final security analysis for Fermilab Storage discussion.
      * Done testing for the implementation of security control: logging out SSH sessions after 60 minutes of inactivity. Need to check with Ed Simmons if the solution can be implemented in the interactive nodes.
   * Cybersecurity Research
      * Working on paper proposals regarding innovative authentication and access control mechanisms for the Grid. Specifically, I'm researching about certificate-less grids and alternative mechanisms that comply with current authentication, authorization and delegation requirements.

---++ Anand
   * Setting up the drill to be conducted on sites in late May
   * Will be working on releasing IGTF 1.74 this week

 </noautolink>

-- Main.DaveDykstra - 17 May 2016