%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1242156338" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings03_16_2009"}%
%TOC%

---+++Meeting Minutes 5/12/09
   * Igor: discussed the VO Package with Jay and Rob. Jay thinks there are a few missing pieces in the GUMS template such as order of fqans. Jay is back to working on the template again. Igor read the latest summary on the VO package contents. We do not know if Jay read the twiki? Mine should check  

About getting a commercial CA. we must select well-known certificate authorities. thawte or verisign are included in SL4 and SL5. we must make sure the intermediate CAs are also included in SL4/5 package. Igor says he tested. this is because gsi does not verify the cert chain. does thawte or verisign use sha-1 or sha-2. Doug and Igor will check? Doug says no commercial certs issuing sha-2 yet.

About secure software distribution: pacman or pacball or something else. Igor thinks user does not even see the packages; it should be VDT's job to  check often enough for the integrity of caches. VDT should have logs of who downloaded the software. Otherwise we may have to stop using pacman and this would be too much of work. 
 
   * Doug: started with contingency plan. The planning part of the contingency plan is completed. We already listed recovery scenarios in the planning portion. The contingency document will detail the recovery steps. 
Doug wants to look at the certificate request history. a certificate holder can renewal their certs up to 5 years automatically. But DOEgrids has no enforcement to prevent from infinitely renewing. Doug does this as part of his ESNet work, not OSG. 
Doug works on a database, for gridadmins to see certificate request history. This was a request during RA process audit. The goal is to ensure that gridadmins issue certs for only their assigned domains. 

   * Anand: finished the RSV probes, voms handshake success, completed documentation.  completed the design documentation for central banning tool. He completed his goals for now. Until banning design document is approved, he is completed on these tasks. his priority would be to evaluate and examine glite authz service. he will understand what features/capabilities glite authz service does. can it allow/enforce simple  authz policies. if so, how easy to interface it into osg infrastructure.

   * Anand finished the tutorial. 
   * Aashish: almost completed the drill. waiting for network analysis from bnl. we will send the information note to fnal on thursday. 

Aashish will finish the tutorial. the grading and presentation for GDB will start next week. 

   * Jim is in Europe for JSPG and EuGridpma. 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 12 May 2009