%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1240334889" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings03_16_2009"}%
%TOC%


---++Meeting Minutes

Meeting ID 1477 for the rest of the year. 

   * Igor: 

1 Looking at documents Jim sent around: 1h

2 Weekly phone meeting: 1h

3 Working on vo-package conversion tool + mail thread: 8h

Total: 10h, 25% FTE

*Action Item*: what is the template contents that was agreed between Igor and Jay? 

   * Jim:
1 attended the OSG security team call

2 updated the security@opensciencegrid.org PGP key

3 reviewed https://www.jspg.org/wiki/Grid_Incident_Response_Policy

4 attended the TAGPMA videoconference

5 took a vacation day Thursday

6 met with Anand to review/discuss current tasks

7 sent OSG security notice about ssh/udev attacks: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/OSG-SEC-NOTIFY-2009-04-17

anyone familiar about CVSS? we received a comment from a site admin to use CVSS for grading the vulnerabilities. whether other site admins maybe familiar. with this grading system. 
vo registration: to be discussed at the next blueprint meeting. many Vos do not have AUPs. that is a low level concern for Jim.  he much rather ask each VO to have security contacts. 

*Action Item*: review the risk assessment document in preparation to the blueprint. Select top three security risks to OSG. 

*Action Item*: document all concerns regarding the VO registration procedure: what needs to be changed, in preparation to the blueprint. 

   * Anand: 

1. RSV Probe

  * Completed all RSV code development and checked it into GOC SVN

  * Documented all RSV probes (both central and site level)

    * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/SiteRSVSecurityProbe

    * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CentralizedRSVSecurityProbe

2. Regular monitoring central RSV probes

3. Attended Security meeting.

*Action Item*: Will understand how GIP probe reports supported VOs.

*Action Item*: Call Jay for helping osg site amdin to ban user in gums v 1.2

*Action Item*: from Monday discussion. write a req and design document for central banning tool. Examine gLite authz service to see whether we desire to use it in our security infrastructure by July. 


   * Aashish

1. incident investigation making sure OSG doesn't have compromised account - checking data I got from other sites look for OSG compromised accounts and making assurance its not affecting us. Incident from last week. 
we had 4-5 site amdin asked for twiki accounts on friday afternoon. 

*Action Item*: ping GOC people for transitioning incident reports from twiki to OIM 

*Action Item*: write down clear steps to check for phalanx rootkit. list which platforms are vulnerable and list detailed steps to check for the rootkit. 
Put this under best practices web site. Send an email to announce this list and the office hour 

*Action Item*; announce phalanx office hours this week. Note who called in with which question.


2. vulnerability reports 

3. security challenge. no time to tried out last week. 

*Action Item*: check with drill code owner if there is a proxy support. if not, try gridftp ports. 
svn at GOC. trunk/src/ssc. svn at indiana.  
   

   * Doug:

1 More work on the DOEGrids contingency plan,

   https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/IdMContingencyPlanning

 ESnet has a disaster recovery plan, but it includes just the basic steps to recreate the CAs from scratch. ESnet working hard on cloning the ca. there is a lab wide NIST 853 2007 version. But we do not know how much it covers the DOEgrids CA. 

*Action Item*: Doug will check the existing documents  from ESnet and ask Mike

*Action Item*: Doug will update the risk assessment table by Friday. team can review it after wards.    should be ready by the of this week and then the team can review. 

*Action Item*: We will meet at friday at 1pm to discuss risk assessment document. this is a preparation to the blueprint meeting on risk assessment. will write top three security risks to OSG. 
  
2 various OSG RA activities

   * Ron:

1 Continue work on processing security survey results. Had to resend several invitations to people for various reasons. Updating the status spreadsheet so everyone can see our progress.

2 The OSE Fermigrid people want me to lead a discussion next week, 4/30, on Trust relationships with small Vos that want to join the Fermigrid VO. I believe they will want to pattern their process after the one OSG uses. This should be documented and in OSG Docdb?

 OSG VO manager is Alina. delete John from engage VO. mats is engage VOMS person
15 services left out of 37. 

*Action item*: put a comment for the incomplete surveys in surveygizmo.  

-- Main.MineAltunay - 21 Apr 2009
