%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047950" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%

---++Meeting Notes

   * Preparing the Incident Drill report to ET and making a request on GUMS Banning Feature
      * We discussed a feature request on GUMS: the feature will ease the banning interface significantly. We agreed that we do not have any hard data on how many sites in fact requested this feature, but our observation is that many sites suffer from lack of such a fetaure and this issue comes up perofdically at each drill. We will go ahead and send our request. Even having a pre-populated banned user list in GUMS ocnifguration file would goa  long way to help users. Currently, site admins have to create the banned user group and then add users into it. Distributing the software with this group already builtin will eliminate a task from site admins list. 


   * Automating the ca cert updates for rpms. 
      * This is the highest priority item currently. We want to resolve this before the next CA release. Given next release is a month away, we want to solve this in the next couple weeks. 
      * Kevin will talk Tony about challenges at big sites and what type of solution would work for them. Kevin will also talk to Brian about whether can we switch all OSG sites to use CA tarballs. Brian also pointed that his site uses Puppet and configure properly to get the yum updates automatically for the ca rpms. Any solution we come up with should not disturb the solutions existing at the sites. 
      * We will schedule a meeting with Alain at his earliest availability. If it turns out sites continue to use rpms and tarballs, we must provide an automated solution for the rpms as well. 
      * Anand will contact Romain to find out about RSV probes and the warning periods defined in the periods. 
   * Pakiti service
      * OSG will have a meting on transitioning Pakiti to GOC. 
      * Anand will send information on the number of subscribers to Pakiti and how active they are. 

   * Vulnerabilities
      * Jetty vulnerability. The package is used by Bestman. 
      * Kevin will evaluate and run the assessment process. 
      * This vulnerability is reported via JIRA. Kevin will ask Brian if this is a change in regular process.  Why the ticket is opened in JIRA.
      * VDT ticketing service has been turned off and moved to GOC. Kevin will ask how should security team update its processes. we have several processes where we open tickets with vdt ticketing system. does vdt-security email still work?  
   * Phasing out the old layout CA bundles. 
      * The team reviewed the project plan. Anand will assign an owner and a start/end date to each task. 
   * Updates from Mine
      * Talked to BNL Security Team about CILogon Basic CA. No big objections
      * CMS incident going on. 
      * Leaving for CERN this Saturday. Kevin will be in charge of operational security. 
      * Working on OSG PKI Contingency plan 

-- Main.MineAltunay - 20 Jun 2012
