%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1226510936" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
Attending: Jim and Doug

Mine was at the DOE Labs Information Summit and was not able to attend the call.

Action items:
   * (Ron) Review OSG VO AUP and Registration Policy.
   * (Ron) Update security policies and procedure table.
   * (Doug/Jim) Schedule a meeting with Rob Q about how to securely POST an incident report.
   * (Doug/Jim) Schedule a meeting with Rob Q about footprints and twiki access control.
   * (Doug/Jim) Jon Nelson / GOC Nelson certificates. Mine and Doug talked with Rob about this. Doug will discuss pseudonymous certificates with DOEGrids PMA.
   * (Doug) Create a twiki page on reviewing incident response policy that lists the questions to ask site and VO security personnel and lists the log files needed by the site admins to trace a security incident.
   * (Jim) Finish ProxyCleanup. Mostly done. Just wrapping up remaining details.
   * (Jim) Start on ManagingCACertsAndCRLs.
   * (Mine) Incident response flowchart.
   * (Mine) MOU Requirements from VO privilege project.

Jim and Doug had a phone call with Rob Quick later in the day:

   * Shouldn't be too much trouble to change the IncidentDiscoveryReporting page to a secure POST.
   * Will follow-up with the Gobal Research NOC about footprints access control. Currently, GOC and about 20-30 OSG project participants have access to footprints. The security group will need to set policy/procedures for handling incident response tickets in footprints.
   * Creating protected pages for incident response info in the twiki should be do-able. Jim will document. IU will be rolling out a new twiki version for OSG soon.
   * Will work on publishing PGP key and S/MIME certificate for security@opensciencegrid.org.
   * GOC will work on these in June after 1.0 release.

-- Main.JimBasney - 13 May 2008

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="JimBasney" date="1210693470" from="Security.Meeting_5_12" to="Security.Meeting_5_13"}%
