%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1242757511" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings03_16_2009"}%
%TOC%
---++Meeting Minutes: 
*Jim*:
   * Attended the EUGridpma and jspg meetings. eugridpma focused on federated identity. terena ca is a federated ca and it will serve entire europe. terena ca is making agreement with each identity providers. IdP meets requirements from the igtf. This is not a big burden on the IdP. Universities already seperate face-face accounts (staff, students) from guest accounts. Terena CA is using commercial certificate operator, commodo, which is also distributed in web browsers.
   * JSPG: VO registration and  VO management policies are in for final calls. OSG VO registration policy matches with JSPG policy. Except for the DNS naming of VOs. current policy has no proposal to change existing vo names. We do not think there is an issue for OSG here. There are no new WLCG VOs. For the longer term, OSG ,may think about DNS naming. Fermilab VOs have really long names. 

   * VO management policy is long and detailed, asks for annual audits, verification of users data, log files, etc. We should make a meeting with atlas and cms before the wlcg eb and gdb meetings to give them feedback. *Action Item*: Jim will do that. 
   
   * Romain wrote a new incident response policy, a very good list of best practices for sites during incident response. OSG has no such suggestions currently.

   * Policy of handling user level accounting data* focuses on privacy of user-level accounting data. All OSG accounting data is public, does not apply to us. 

   * Portal Policy: OSG has only one portal which uses canned binaries. This policy is very applicable to TG rather than OSG. the policy focuses on how users should be authN to the portal. The authN requirements are heavier if users can submit random jobs than users can only used canned binaries.  

 *Igor:* 

   * nothing really new, waiting for Jay to finalize the gums template. *Action Item*: Mine should talk to jay on the multiple grids having the same VO name. 
   * Have not heard from Rob on the commercial ca issue. *Action Item*: Igor wil talk to GOC and VDT teams. He will see about how much software work to have VDT use IGTF service directly.

  *Doug*: 
   * contingency plan document is mostly complete. Mike, Jim and Doug will have a conversation on if the CA is down. possibly on this Friday.    
   * Working on auditing the cert requests from grid-admins, checking which fqdn the site admins are issuing. retrieving data from the CA, pushing the data into mysql database, and querying it. This should be complete by next week. *Action Item*: implement automated alerts for grid-admins so that they cannot issue out of their FQDN

  *Aashish*: 
   * will close the ticket for the drill with fnal this afternoon. the grading is the next step. *Action Item*: will look at the egee's grading scheme. 
   * We should repeat the drill for tier 2. 
   * We may replicate the collector web server for osg.  *Action Item* ask sven if he would give us his source code for the web server.

   *Anand:* 
   * studying the egee authorization service. 
   * tidbit from Arvind: he wants to change RSV probes so that RSV jobs can be submitted from a monitoring box via globus submission. This should already be available. Anand and Arvind will have a meeting this week.  






 



   
  


-- Main.MineAltunay - 19 May 2009
