%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1305046970" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Minutes

Jim: 
   * Quiet week. Nothing in OSG/EGI/TG. Oak ridge determined there has been no effect on TG. 
   * Sent the EGI drill email to John Hover and Doug Benjamin. What we need to do here at our end. What are the requirements from the WLCG mgmt board to participate. 
   * osg-security-softw-vulnerability list is for distributing the software vulnerabilities to software providers. Alain is not using the list. Alain uses individual contacts. Mine owns this list and needs to get the software contacts emails lists. GOC already added a option for emailing the software contacts.
   * dcache vulnerability is closed. Alain has the responsibility to put the fixed software into VDT. Jim will clarify with Alain that if this is also his understanding as well. 
   * GOC after hours reporting problems. Jim will ask Rob if they work with their after hour people. 
   * Ask Goc to include next-steps in the email confirmation that is sent after an incident is reported. 
   * Tier 3 support. Marco said he will notify Jim when he needed a security team member on the call. 
   * What items will get dropped due to the incident drill. Jim will look at the effort spreadsheet. Mine will post the latest spreadhseet. 

Marco 
   * Atlas is having the firefox renegotiation problem. The solution is already described in the ticket. The server side can fix the problem. Marko will figure out what the server needs to do. Mine will communicate to DOEgrids. 
   * Have to put in the screen shots. have to write up steps for getting certificates and request VOMRS registration. End of May is the target date.  
   * Marko will coordinate with Robert Engel where to put this documentation.  




-- Main.MineAltunay - 10 May 2011
