%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1420574053" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time.
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 8406490

---++ Kevin
   * Finished tests with Garhan on tracing owner of job by pid. Will write up results of condor-ce drill this week.
   * Couldn't get the digicert admin interface to issue a personal cert with sha-1 manually. Opened a ticket and Darin from Digicert was cc'ed. Was fixed or problem went away on its own.
   * Updated OSG risk assessment matrix. Should updated document be saved to docdb as new version of old doc or as a new doc by itself?
   * setup a meeting with Tony and Joe to discuss the users' need to ssh into worker nodes to debug failed jobs
   * examine the gratia probe that is being retired. what information will we miss by losing this probe?  

---++ Anand
   * working on the writing a malicious job to test the glideinwms system. our goal is to test how easily a clever attacker can overwrite the log files. 
   * design a reasonable method for separating user accounts submitted by the same glideinwms pilot. due to lack of user certificates , all jobs will run under the same account. 

-- Main.KevinHill - 06 Jan 2015