%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047950" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
---++Meeting Notes

*Kevin*
   * PKI updates: the updates for worker nodes necessitated by glexec problems will finish in two months. GUMS upgrade is planned for the next month. 
      * Changes with Fermilab service desk certificate approval process is needed. This will be a Fermilab PKI work item. 
      * Security concern: when certs are approved nd ready, the url for the certificate download is identified by the request id. an attacker who can put a fake request or gess request id sequence can download certificates issued for other people. although private key is encrypted, an attacker can brute force the passphrase on the private key. 
   * the worker nodes 7.6.10 when they upgared they move to 7.8 series, they have no security vulnerabilities. This change affects the worker nodes in FNAL_CDFOSG_1, FNAL_DZEROOSG_1, FNAL_FERMIGRID, FNAL_GPGRID_1
   * Pakiti newsletter is sent to Jemise. Mine will edit this asap. The demo will include the installation. Started putting the slides together. 
   * Set up a meeting with Software and Operations Teams, discussing who will be responsible for operational changes necessary for the sha-2 transition. 
   * Will start writing the CVMFS risk assessment. Mine will send her initial evaluation to get started. Needs to be finished by the end of next week. 
   * Need Kevin to assess the software team's plans to move to jdk7. This has lower priority than CVMFS, but we must do this asap to find out if there are any security concerns. 

*Anand*  
   * Condor vulnerability. BNL ticket is still open but other security measures in place we are not very worried about this. The other open ticket is from Clemson. No response form Clemson yet. 
   * Ticket 12515 Problem with DigiCert cert request. the request is sent via web interface. there was no gridamdin assigned for the domain and the request was rejected immediately. Another issue is that the hostcert web iterface does not ask about the VO association. 
   * Ticket 13956 is assigned to Anand. Anand found out no problems with the CRLs; it was a site issue. This ticket is closed now. 
   * VO frontend security exercise. Access established to osg vo frontend. this is osg-xsede production frontend. Got the traceability requirements document. If the VO only allows canned jobs, VO does not have to meet all traceability requirements. Will install a test glideinVO frontEnd at NCSA. 






-- Main.MineAltunay - 27 Feb 2013
