%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1323798208" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes

*Marco*

   * Helped user problems with getting a new cert.  
   * grid-sec is quiet. 
   * No response from ESNet on adding explanation on renewal reminder emails. Decided to forgo this until new OSG CA interfaces and transition plans are finalized. 

*Igor* 
   * WLCG TEG meetings: identity stealing subject. everyone agreed that ssh stealing is the real problem. this is not an x.509 stealing. ideas to strengthening ssh authentication. Risk assessment document is being produced by the TEG group. 
      * Worker node security. It is agreed that wlcg need the uid separation on the worker node. atlas strongly disliked glexec, and would like to see something else being implemented. 

*Anand* 
   * CA package 1.25 is released. It is out to production this morning. Alain will confirm that it will go out to production from their side too. 
   * Digicert testing, except Steve Timm, everyone is completed. updated the twiki site. No major failures. 
   * Documentation ticket. 424 in JIRA. 

*Kevin*
   * adding a software developers to security announcements and signing announcements with GC server certificate -- both are in production today. 
   * working on testing DOEgrids cert changes in browser. set up a ca with one day expiration. and signed a user cert with a year. openssl did not complain. 
   * grid-sec membership. needs to be finalized. 
   * sbir review is completed. 
   * friends of security is now a separate ticket. GOC needs to do the work.  

 




-- Main.MineAltunay - 13 Dec 2011
