%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1401827307" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
Meeting Notes: 
*Kevin*
   * 2 new compromises in XSEDE. we are curious why the number of compromises are increasing. Is this normal or indicator of a change in the attacker behavior. We want to talk to XSEDE security team about: if they observe changes in attacker behavior; what are they doing to reduce the number of the attacks. We are concerned that with the submit nodes providing ssh access, osg may suffer from a higher number of attacks
   * JIRA tickets are opened for blacklist VOMS server and the OSG IdP. Kevin will install a blacklist VOMS server that can ban users automatically and test it thoroughly. 
   * Starting the security controls. CISecurty questionnaire is a very good starting point if we want to make any changes this year. 
   * We are transitioning to the HTCondor CE.We will conduct a security incident drill in the summer to train ourselves and the site admins. We will do this with Nebraska. 
   * Waiting for setting up Oasis incident drill

*Anand*

   * Have not heard back from HCC on traceability project
   * Have not heard back form Rob gardner Dave Champion for evaluating OSGConnect and Campus Grids
   * Will create a short risk assessment plan that explains how usage of glideinwms with ss changes our risk stature. Will create a incident response process for the cases when submit node or factory node gets compromised. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 03 Jun 2014
