%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1316541230" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes

Jim Barlow, Anand, Marko, Marco, Alain Roy, Scott Kronenfeld

 *Jim* 
   * Machines that are at VDT. needs to contact the people at cslab. read over the reports. wants to do an external scan.
   * kernel spilled over the linux foundation.  hired external consultant and risk analysis. some of the other linux distros also saw attempts of intrusion. this can go back to a few months back. they will do manual code evals. Jim knows the head of university of wisconsin security team. Jim will talk to head of wisconsin about what security services they provide. 

   * Goc is OK with patches. when we meet with CSlab at wisconsin, we will look at the apache version of vdt machine. 

   * No bitcoin attacks. 
   * Mine is leaving sept 23 and coming back on 10/12. 
   * Marco will be on the list on Friday

*Alain Roy*
   * two rsv probes. needs changes. all probes need to be updated. vdt-location will be needed and defined. wants to re-write the probe. 
   * anand says osg probe is default. wlcg probe is not default. 
   * Supported VO and VOMS hadshake probes are being left outside. security team will describe and ask the sites if they want them
   * summary is captured at https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-252

*Anand:*
   * announcement tickets. 3 out of 4 should be closed. 
   * does all of the external teams such as goc and vdt get the announcements? goc added software security contacts. 
   * add external software providers to the goc list
   * new igtf release.
     



-- Main.MineAltunay - 20 Sep 2011
