%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476804104" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes2009"}%
---++Meeting Minutes 8/18/09

Attendees: Jim, Doug, Igor, Anand, Mine

---+++Late items from last year's WBS

   * VO and Site requirements (#1.7.2.3): dropped due to lack of effort.
   * "Privacy Policy--built privacy disclaimer into VDT installation": The privacy policy is completed. We decided not to include any additional text into the VDT installation. There are already enough questions. Instead, for OSG members, we ask them to agree to the privacy policy during registration with OIM. For non-OSG customers of VDT, there is a licensing agreement that sufficiently covers the VDT
 
*Action Item*: Mine will ask Rob to include Privacy policy in the registration workflow. 
   * Procedure for Adding/Removing users: Jim has sent the procedure and ready for discussion
   * Building secure communication channels with security contacts: Complete. we will open up a new WBS item to create message boards that can be used during incident response. 
*Action Item*: Mine will open up a new WBS item. 
   * Analyse and Document End-to-End Certificate Revocation issues associated with Individual leaving the Organization
*Action Item*: Doug will complete before the end of this year. 

---+++GOC communication failure ticket
   * The last announcement to security contacts has not gone out properly. the message headers were broken and all security contacts were added in bcc field. Elisabeth had to send it out of her account. Soichi says it is fixed. 
*Action Item*: igor will test the system by sending a follow-up announcement on available patches and how to apply them. 
---+++Linux vulnerability
   * We have not gotten any feedback from the security contacts
*Action Item*: Anand will email tier3 sites by thursday and ask them their status. He will hold an office hour. 
---+++Trash/Tier3 support
   * Jim started with Grow VO and uc-davis-tier 3. He talked to both VO and site admins
   * Grow VO is a new VO with no members. they re-cycle an old VO name. Possibly to keep their name in GOC templates.
   * uc davis tier 3 admins are familiar with security issues and has following concerns. 
      * Old Fermi KCA is still in OSG CA distribution. It uses md5 certs. 
*Action item*: Mine will check Fermi's transition plan. Irwin is worried if there are too many users relying on old KCA. Mine will get a number of users in OSG. Fermi should prepare a transition plan. 
      * Secure distribution of software and CA certs. SL5 distribution is not secure. Could OSG ask SL5 to securely distribute and provide hashes   
      * uc davis tier 3 uses GUMS, but they also generate grid-map files. why ? possibly Cemon needs to use gridmapfile. 
*Action Item*: Jim will get a list of components that uses gridmap file and GUMS in VDT
      *Better documentation is needed on firewalls configuration. 
*Action Item*: Jim pointed to an existing documentation. We will check with them if that was sufficient. 
   * Tufts university asked for a meeting this week. Jim sent a reminder email.

---+++Igor's operational effort
   * Igor will finish high priority items in couple weeks for Reliability and start with the VO packaging project
*Action Item*: Igor, Anand, and Mine will get accounts in RT to view security tickets. Alain should be able to do it this week. 

---+++Incident Drill preparation
   * Anand got Sven's code and is trying to compile it. Aashish's code is working fine. 


-- Main.MineAltunay - 18 Aug 2009