%META:TOPICINFO{author="DaveDykstra" date="1462306270" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 3297985

---++ Dave
   * Got a small number of the changes in that were suggested by cigetcert code review
   * Jim Basney would like to let OSG approve institutions that can use CILogon Silver CA.  He would modify the document describing it to add that in addition to InCommon Silver members.  Some pushback on this from other OSG leaders, however (Brian & Rob).
   * Speaking at the first WLCG traceability/isolation working group meeting, week from today.
   * Same day as giving report for OSG planning retreat
   * Vacation Thursday & Friday
   * Question from BNL about process to approve host certificates

---++ Jeny
   * OSG CA Transition
      * Transition for VOs scheduled for May 10th: NERSC, SURAGrid, DREAM, LBNL, CompBioGrid, LQCD, BNL, LZ, CIGI, SCDA.
         * Vo-client package changes recorded at [[https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29547][https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29547]]
         * OSG VO will be removed from the VOMS server at Indiana. Entry with voms.grid.iu.edu from vomses file will be removed.
      * Writing Contingency Plan for CILogon OSG CA [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/CILogonContingencyPlan2016][https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Security/CILogonContingencyPlan2016]]
   * Operations  
      * Security updates for OpenSSL released on May 3rd. [[https://www.openssl.org/news/secadv/20160503.txt][https://www.openssl.org/news/secadv/20160503.txt]]
      * CILogon Failover Testing on May 3rd [[https://groups.google.com/a/cilogon.org/forum/#!msg/outages/SMjfxYBZtYU/dCs8eB4nLQAJ][Outage announcement]]
      * Fix for max alternate hostnames was deployed on CILogon production endpoint on April 28th [[https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29375][https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29375]]
      * Update for CILogon certificates: -email signing support added- will be deployed on May 10th. [[https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29569][https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/29569]]
      * Testing OSG PKI tools: [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2292][https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2292]]
   * DCAFI
      * MOU draft ready to be reviewed.
      * No SLA and the OLA for MyProxy.
   * Fermilab Security
      * Still Working with Gene Oleynik as part of a working team to produce recommendations for Fermilab's storage future plans. Checking the proposed solutions from a security perspective.

---++ Anand
   * OASIS drill is being scheduled for May 24th
   * Plan for Security drill for tier 2/3 sites developed.

 </noautolink>
-- Main.JenyTeheran - 02 May 2016