%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1346173289" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Notes

*Anand*
   * SHA-2 transition. Email is sent out to VO and sites.  have not heard anything. Established the process for obtaining sha-2 certificates from DOEgrids CA. Suchandra got his personal certificates. Diego will ask for CMS VO. Will send reminders to Atlas. Have not heard from any VOs. 
      * Will ask help from User Support to spread the message. Mine will report this at today's production meeting.
      * Anand will stay in touch with Software Team about what changes/tests necessary for fully compliant RFC proxies. 
   * Contacting the VOMS admins about upgrading VO servers. Sent the emails to VOMS admins. Alan sill responded. he will follow the upgrade instructions.  
      * Contact Alan again next week. Will call 5 VOs. 
   * CA update process. Contacted: Nebraska, Steve Timm, Xin, Sarah BNL, Maryland Tier3, Glow Wisconsin. Only Sarah responded. She prefers the yum update. 
      * Will follow up with Maryland. 
   * Pakiti transition. No progress. Will respond to Ruth's email.  

*Kevin*
   * Pakiti. Finished the Pakiti project plan. No requirements from VDT. Progressing well. Run the technical plan and configuration variables by the software team. 
   * Condor vulnerability; sent a reminder last week. 12 updated so far. Will check pakiti for sites with condor rpm installations. Will send a job to the sites to get condor versions. Will find out the site versions. we are going to give them a month long grace period.
   * Vulnerable Site versions. Reported at Production meeting. Created a spreadsheet of vulnerable sites. and Marc presented this at production meeting. There is a pacman upgrade for all important vulnerabilities. 
   * voms-admin vulnerability report is not written yet.   



-- Main.MineAltunay - 28 Aug 2012
