%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1287511541" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Minutes

*Jim* : 

   * We will go ahead with the security announcement. 
   * what is the WLCG assessment? EGI classified high but not critical. EGI will not recommend shutting down sites.  wlcg may be more flexible this time because workaround is easy and available. 

   * there is a patch glibc , not been released officially. will send the announcement. 

   * our plans for Romain and Dave's visit. Jim will drive down on sunday night. on monday 8th, we will talk with Romain and Dave. They have jspg on their agenda. Jim will re-cap their conversation from Amsterdam. * Vulnerability assessment guideline is Mine's top priority. She wrote a rough guideline for OSG. She had one written with Joe for FNAL. She will compare the two and ask Romain if they match to WLCG's guidelines. The other top priority is to understand risk models and the mitigation work. What is the high valued assets and what pro-active and reactive mitigation methods we will develop. 
   *Action item* Jim will send the slides from Amsterdam. Mine and Jim will discuss the slides.
   * Closed the ucsd ticket

   * ticket 9288. Mine contacted the person via email. *Action Item* She will update the ticket with her communication

   * Have not done anything on updating stale contact information

   * 64-it vulnerability: Pablo Yepes is replacing their machine totally by next week. he won't do the patch. After Jim ran the query, he contacted the sites he got the results back from. All sites responded within a day. Nobody needed help with patching. How many sites left that still have not applied the patch? 2 sites beside Pablo. Jim should run his query again. Those two sites promised to finish it by this week or already done last week. Jim did not contact the sites that he could not run the query. He will contact them this week and cc Anand and Mine on. We will try to debug the problems.  There are 14 sites.
 

   * Documentation -- we are falling behind. *Action Item* Mine will explain this to Iwona and Robert  

*Anand:* 
   * finished the vdt-ca-manage. Will test with both old and new format today and then send it to vdt
   * is cert-request page completely finished?  *Action Item* we have to get the VO names from OIM. Right now they are read form a static file.
      * do the VOs change their documentation? cms, brian's vo did. *Action item* Mine will advertise to all VOs to change their documentation.  

   * In cert replacement page, can we capture and show the caught certificate that is about to be renewed? *Action Item* Anand will look at it.  

   * Dhiva's random number generation is not completely working. Anand tested it and there was a bug. Another issue: if you use the same CN with the same email address then you end up with the same dn in two separate certificates. Sometimes people get multiple certs so they never have a time overlap in case of expiring certs. In those cases , people will use different email addresses. Is having two certs for the same person with the same DN allright? why is this a problem. the serial numbers are different and the pki pairs are different. 

   * *Action item* documentation page for certificate request. Current production cert request page needs to be updated. Mine will do this. 

   * *Action Item* security controls : put it on the twiki. 

   * *Action Item* We will transition the CA release process before Doug leaves. Anand and Mine will do the release process next week. 









-- Main.MineAltunay - 19 Oct 2010
