%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnandPadmanabhan" date="1443729942" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time.
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 8406490

---++ Dave
   * Much progress on ECP !IdP.  SERVICES password and Kerberos now accepted on same server with two different URLs.  kcron is supported with kerberos.  Olga working on adding 'ou' attribute listing "People" or "Robots:kerbprincipalpart3:kerbprincipalpart2".  Jim Basney says cilogon can do the rest but we want to get him to do it soon before Olga moves on to another project.
   * Working on the CISR paper, about halfway through revising the second draft from Jeny and Mine
   * The oasis CRLs were only getting updated at 3,5, and 7am each day.  I got Mat to change it to every 6 hours.

---++ Jeny
   * Second draft for CISR'16 paper sent to Dave and Mine.
   * Routine deployment for 1.48 CA bundle. 1.47 bundle skipped. This step should be added to CreatingCADistributions instructions. 
   * Security requirements for managing service certificates and interactive access for Offline Production.
   * Logistics for the Computing Technology event

---++ Anand
   * Wrapped up work on the OSG connect documentation. MIne will provide feedback. 
   * Got clarification from Dave Champion that the OSG connect forntend nodes are not target of flocking.
   * Set up the OSG security drill for OSG connect on Tuesday Oct 6 at 11am.

-- Main.DaveDykstra - 01 Oct 2015