%META:TOPICINFO{author="DougOlson" date="1211902904" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
Attending: Doug 

Mine out. Jim at !EUGridPMA.

Action items:
   * (Ron) Review OSG VO AUP and Registration Policy.
   * (Ron) Update security policies and procedure table.
   * To follow-up after OSG 1.0 release in June
      * (Doug/Jim) Schedule follow-up meeting with Rob Q about how to securely POST an incident report.
      * (Doug/Jim) Schedule follow-up meeting with Rob Q about footprints and twiki access control.
   * (Doug/Jim) Jon Nelson / GOC Nelson certificates. Mine and Doug talked with Rob about this. Doug will discuss pseudonymous certificates with DOEGrids PMA.
      * message was sent to PMA, not concluded yet
   * (Doug) Create a twiki page on reviewing incident response policy that lists the questions to ask site and VO security personnel and lists the log files needed by the site admins to trace a security incident.
   * (Jim) Finish ProxyCleanup. Mostly done. Just wrapping up remaining details.
   * (Jim) Start on ManagingCACertsAndCRLs.
   * (Mine) Incident response flowchart.
   * (Mine) MOU Requirements from VO privilege project.
   * (Mine/Jim?) Will work on publishing PGP key and S/MIME certificate for security@opensciencegrid.org.

Not a meeting, just updating action items.

-- Main.DougOlson - 27 May 2008
