%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1337801703" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---++Meeting Minutes

*Anand*

   * There is a new CA release. We will release the new bundle towards the end of this week so that ITB can start testing next week. The CIlogon Basic CA is provided in a separate bundle. This bundle is up to date. 
   * Will update the project plan on streamlining CA release process (aka CA rpm location change) before tomorrow. Will document which sites are found to be using the old location and our communication with these sites. 
   * Pakiti service transition to GOC. Reply to Scott and Robs questions on how much effort is involved with operating the Pakiti. Before the end of this week. 
   * Start a new project plan on how to phase out the old layout CA bundles from production. This will start next week and have the highest priority as the above items are finished. 
   * Next drill of tier3 are scheduled for the first week of June.  

*Mine*
   * Reviewed and put an annotated version of VO AA policy from Eugridpma. It is under policies and procedures under development. We should send this policy to VO operators to learn their pinion. 
   * Kevin will clean up the policy twiki page. The "policies under review" page is out of date. This can be done as part of the Security Controls. 
   * Discussed the incident drill results. 

*Kevin*
   * JIRA ticket 35 . Steve timm's request. Will handle next week. 
   * No open tickets. 
   * Made announcements on gridftp, ddos attack, CA rpm transition. 
   * Will finish the security controls up until the technical controls by the end of this week. 
 
*Marko*
   * following up the security vulnerabilities. Nothing urgent. 
   * No recent patch releases to make announcements on. 

-- Main.MineAltunay - 23 May 2012
