%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047947" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes 9/9/2008

---+++ CA transitioning 

Doug says he tested the pacman -get command and installed the new CA package (config plus script). 
He was able to receive the ca distribution from GOC. 
Suchandra will test the pacman update and we will make an announcement once that test is successful. This should be done by 
tomorrow noon. 

Once the test is successful GOC will release the announcement. 

---+++ Site admins meeting (Thursday)
The site admins meeting is this week. Doug will attend. he will explain the CA transition and why it is important 
for the sites. He will update our twiki page to explain the steps. 

Doug will ask the sites at the site admin meeting whether RPMs are used or not for CA distribution

Doug will also get a schedule of VO meetings and keep a list of issues to educate and train VO security contacts
On our main security twiki page, we have a "Security awareness for OSG participants"
under this link, we will list all of our material presented at VO and site admin meetings. I would like a log of 
meetings attended by security team and how many security items were on the agenda, 
how many sites have participated. 

---+++ ST&E and Policies 
Ron seems to be 25% for now. He will finish the OIM core service entry this week. He will bug me about 
privacy policy and keep track of Incident Response Policy that has been sent to EB couple months ago. 

Mine will ask operations group to include secure comm channels project in their own WBS. 






-- Main.MineAltunay - 09 Sep 2008