%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285062" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
---++ Short Meeting 
Mine and Anand have met to discuss security issues during Mine's absence. 

Anand's Summary from last week:

1. The DOEGrids CA cert has been tested in ITB and made into the production last week. With this OSG has switched to the IGTF 1.40. 

2. Made release of 1.20 (itb,itbnew,igtfold, and igtfnew) cache. This release includes the contents of IGTF v1.40. 

2. Met with Alain, Rob, Scott on Friday to discuss the changes to the cache. There are still some hicups with the GOC process, some of the symlinks were not properly installed on the new cache. We decided on final list and Scott is going to make changes to the deployment scripts at GOC. We will do one more test of the process and will release the cache to production during the next cycle (2 weeks from now)

Mine's update: At operations meeting on 7/11 Rob and Scott reported that they have currently no problems with the test of these caches in ITB. Production release date is set for July 26th. 
Anand had updated the documentation for making CA releases to the ITB according to the bugs found at this release. ine will follow the updated documentation and make a new ITB release which is identical to the production contents. the goal is to test our documentation and find out if there are any mistakes in teh process.  

3. Made changes to the RSV probes and vdt-ca-manage. Tested and released them to VDT on Friday. They should be released to the ITB this week. The changes in teh software will make it into the final pacman release of VDT software. 

4. I also collected a number of security controls. All the responses I have received are on twiki. I believe only couple are missing (Keith, Ruth and Alain Deximo). I will try to create a summary this week.

5. Was on vuln duty nothing interesting to report

6. Attended ITB meeting (https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/MinutesITBJuly062011)

Report from Jim: 
   * I'm catching up with things as well this week.  I had jury duty the last week of June. Then last week Monday was the 4th,  I worked Tuesday, and was off the rest of the week. 
   * About the drill grading, I need to send an email to Sven since I have not heard anything from him  since he left for the FIRST conference last month.

   * There have been two incidents that were reported this week.  One was an incident at the University of Florida where we were notified  that attempts to login to NCSA machines were done with compromised  systems there.  I need to find out of those machines are involved in OSG at all. 

   * The other incident was at an EGI site (CA-SCINET-T2).  They had a cluster compromised. I have chatted with Leif about it and he didn't have any more information on it than I did yet since it was just reported this afternoon.  I'll send more info once we get it (hopefully first thing tomorrow).

   * I then need to catch up on the certificate get issues with the doc team.

Meeting With Marko on July 13

   * We reviewed the completed first version of the certificate management tutorial. It is in pretty good shape. Marko will work with Rob Engel to figure out how to integrate this document into twiki. Ian wanted to have a shorten version of the document. We decided to break the document into multiple twiki documents where each twiki document can be linked alone. Marko will set up a meeting between Robert, me and Jim. 

   







-- Main.MineAltunay - 11 Jul 2011
