%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1303849872" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
---++ Meeting Minutes

*Jim*
   * Oak Ridge incident. entire windows domain have been owned. oak ridge is part of the teragrid and heard in the teragrid incident response call. teragrid site action item: in windows domain do not use old hashes. announced as the ncsa security tip of the week. tips on phishing. have not heard anything on the common users between osg/teragrid or oak ridge. 
   * ESA incident closed, no hits in osg. do not know the cause of the icnident. suspicion in egi team is that it was through mysql injection. 
   * Jim worked with Alain to add condor security team into GOC announcement list. Jim asked GOC to add condor security contacts into resource contact list. He  hadn't heard from GOC yet. what about other software projects? Maybe they will also wanted to be included. Alain has the list of all software contacts . Jim will email them and ask if anyone is interested in announcement list. 
   * dcache vulnerability is closed. Alain has the responsibility to put the fixed software into VDT. Jim will clarify with Alain that if this is also his understanding as well. 
   * Jim will ask Rob about the communication problems about the after hour incident reporting. Jim will list the steps that we expect GOC to take. What would be the testing manner for the second attempt
   * Jim will write down the work involved with steps to follow after an incident. 
   * About the courtesy calls with Tier 3. Jim will email and ask Dan, marco and Ruth about their expectations from security team. 

*Anand*
   * will send out the steps entailing the new cache. rsv probe needs to be changed. main issue is to setting up a new cache by GOC. 
   * Alain wants to move the IGTF only cache to GOC. We will wait on this second request. This will add marginal work to osg security team. it will not change any of the software or probes. However, we do not want to do too much all at once. 
   * Anand sent information on questions from Mine. He incorporated them into the twiki. Anand will send a revised list of action items. 
   * glexec vulnerability and rsv probe is fixed. 
   * ste controls will be started again. Mine will send her plans to Anand.  

*Igor *
   * on vulnerability watch and there is nothing really. 
 







   * Mine will put up the security team ET spreadsheet. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 26 Apr 2011
