%META:TOPICINFO{author="DaveDykstra" date="1464100985" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Tuesdays at 9:45 Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 3297985

---++ Dave
   * Root security hole in the GOC found this past week
   * Much to talk about with Mine, especially regarding staff retreat, automated host certificates, DCAFI

---++ Jeny
   * OSG CA transition
      * Finished first draft of Contingency plan. It is ready to be reviewed [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CILogonContingencyPlan2016][https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/CILogonContingencyPlan2016]]
   * OSG Operations
      * Received report from EGI and dCache developers about a potential configuration issue with dCache. 
         * Did testing with some dCache nodes at FNAL. Found one node vulnerable and sent report to Dmitry.
         * Sent report to Fermilab Security Team about the issue. 
   * Fermilab Security
      * Done testing for the implementation of security control: logging out SSH sessions after 60 minutes of inactivity. Ed Simmons agreed with the solution. He requested a SNOW ticket per experiment in order to implement this solution.
   * Cybersecurity Research
      * Working on paper proposals regarding innovative authentication and access control mechanisms for the Grid. Specifically, I'm researching about certificate-less grids and alternative mechanisms that comply with current authentication, authorization and delegation requirements.

---++ Anand

 </noautolink>


-- Main.JenyTeheran - 23 May 2016
