%META:TOPICINFO{author="JenyTeheran" date="1475524586" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
<noautolink>
---+ OSG Security Team Meetings

   * Meetings are normally every week on Monday 3pm - Chicago time. 
   * Phone: 866-740-1260 ID 8406490

---++ Brian
Brian Bockelman plans to join to talk some more about singularity.

---++ Dave
   * Made cigetcert versions 1.9, 1.10, and 1.11 to add support for $X509_USER_PROXY, reduce the default minimum hours to reuse a proxy from 12 hours to 1 hour, and to fix a bug with fractional certificate hours.  1.11 is now the current version in the fermilab UPS for el5, el6, and el7.
   * Began to try to narrow down the cause of a kernel panic when using singularity with default options on el7.2 and on top of cvmfs.  In addition to the use in singularity of overlayfs in a user mount space, cvmfs seems to be required; I tried another fuse filesystem instead of cvmfs and it did not crash.
   * The CHEP poster and highlights slide are uploaded and complete as far as I'm concerned.  I'm waiting on any more comments from Mine or Tanya before printing the poster.

---++ Jeny
   * A vulnerability was found in the canl-c library, OSG received the report from EGI Software Vulnerability Group. By exploiting this vulnerability it is possible for a user with any certificate, including a self-created one, to impersonate any other user. A security announcement was sent earlier in the week to let the site administrators know about the vulnerability and encouraging them to update ASAP. 
      * https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/31371
   * OpenSSL released security patches last September 22nd, 2016 for multiple vulnerabilities. The most important one allows a DoS due to memory exhaustion through continuous renegotiation (OCSP status request extension). Additionally, on September 26th, OpenSSL made urgent releases because new vulnerabilities were introduced in latest security patches. I contacted GOC team and they confirmed that the first set of releases did not make it into OSG repositories, so, the vulnerable versions were not going to be installed during next GOC scheduled maintenance.
   * Security training for new VO was conducted for SouthPole VO. Zalak (new member of OSG security team) called in and assisted to the training as part of his onboarding process. Security training for VOs: miniclean and project8 is still pending.
   * Attended Webinar: The Tragedy of the Commons scheduled by CSTC on September 26th. 
   * Worked on poster for CHEP 2016: "Grid Access with Federated Identities" after an initial meeting where we received feedback from Tanya and Margaret.
   * Wrote FIFE news article about DCAFI close-out report and Phase 2.
   * Contacted Irwin again to ask him if he checked the Addendum for the Security guidelines for IF experiments. We wrote one for NOvA a few weeks ago and need his approval.
   * Brian Lin asked if he should implement SHA2 for the keys generated for OSG- PKI-tools -in certificate user requests- https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-2136

---++ Anand

---++ Mine

---++ Susan

---++ Zalak

</noautolink>


-- Main.JenyTeheran - 03 Oct 2016
