%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985965" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklySecurityMeetings"}%
Meeting Minutes

Doug:

   * returned from Taiwan ISGC
   * talked to Romain about EGEE incident response process
   * data sharing among sites 
   * EGEE challenges
   * for incidents, can we use twiki to announce and communicate to sites ? Kyle is against due to reliability issues. We can put access control to twiki pages. 

Ron: 

   * Security Plan revision with respect to NIST guidelines -- will be finished by tomorrow
   * not all the controls have a corresponding NIST control, but we will refer to matching controls
   * The technical controls over OSG core assets is an issue. All OSG assets are physically controlled by different organizations. These local organizations have their own policies too. 
    Doug thinks that many universities do not have a written policy covering these assets. If they do not, then having technical controls in our plan is meaningful. Otherwise, we can refer to   
    the local policies, of course given the local policies satisfy OSG requirements. 

Jim:

   * the proxy clean up twiki page is up. 2 open issues. will make requests to software vendors once we finish 
   * installed VDT and did some testing
   * He has been working as DOEGrids PMA on behalf of OSG
   * he will work on securing our communication channels during an incident

Mine: 

   * incident response flowchart -- third version will be out soon. collected comments on high vs. low level incidents. VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo contact hours is an issue. We must do some temporary response. will include this in the flowchart
   * reporting an initial incident. our submit form sends an email. can we create a submit form at goc trouble tickets page with required fields. we can link that goc page in our security web site. 
   * proxy key length question: default 512 is not very secure against brute force attacks. Jim made a request to Globus 6 months ago to increase to 1024
Performance was a concern, 1 sec to 0.5 sec longer to issue proxies. will visit this issue later
   * splunk -- ingesting data, indexing, searching. working on automating data input . and programmatic searching. 

*Action Items*

Ron: will contact core asset owners and understand which security plans they follow? 

Doug: will resolve issue of submitting incident reports from the security twiki. 

Mine: will send third version of incident response flowchart and continue with splunk and VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo contacts
Update: splunk REST API client is done, and VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo contacts are finished.

Jim: will complete proxy cleanup and suggestion on incident communication channels. 


 
   *

-- Main.MineAltunay - 15 Apr 2008