%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1344970383" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
---++Meeting Notes 

*Kevin*
   * The first priority is to write a project plan for Pakiti. The plan should include a requirements document that we can communicate to the VDT team. The plan is due 8/17/2012. We need to give VDT team the requirements to arrange the packaging work. 
   * The second priority is to find out OSG versions of sites. Some sites are running considerably behind the latest version. We need to find out the security impact of running older versions. Are there any old versions with critical vulnerabilities that we require sites to upgrade. 
   * Third priority is to get a list of sites running a vulnerable Condor version and making the condor vulnerability announcement to the community. The announcement must be made when the Condor team releases the vulnerability. 
   * Fourth priority is to write up the voms-admin vulnerability report. Report should include a list of OSG sites who has the vulnerable Voms-admin version. The report should also have a plan on how to upgrade vulnerable VOMS servers.  Kevin should find out from the vulnerable VO admins whether any roadblocks to the upgrade and how OSG can ease the process. Kevin and Anand should coordinate communicating with VO admins since Anand will contact them for phasing out the old CA layout. It seems like most VOs use an earlier pacman installation and the VDT team may have to update the OSG pacman package with the patched voms-admin version. Kevin will coordinate the communications with VDT. 


*Anand*
   * The first priority is to contact VO and Site contacts to inform them of the SHA_2 transition and remind them to test and prepare their own software. Anand will create a draft email and send this to all VO and Site contacts. He will ask a confirmation from VO and site contacts that they got the message and he will keep track of which VOs have responded. We will set up two office hours for two weeks answering any site and VO questions.  Mine will help answering the questions and holding the office hours.  This needs to be completed by Th 8/16/2012. 
   * The second priority is phasing out the old ca layout. Anand should contact the VO admins about upgrading their VOms version compatible with the new layout requirements. Anand and Kevin should coordinate this work together since Kevin needs to contact the VOs for security upgrade. This is due 8/17/2012
   * The third priority is to make sure that we can have a working automated solution for the CA update process. Anand should schedule a meeting between security team and Alain this week. the Agenda items for the meeting is listed below. 
   * The fourth priority is to transition OSG sites to the central Pakiti server at EGI. Process should not require any action by the site admins. Anand will then turn off the Pakiti server run by OSG team. Anand will inform the OSG sites of the change and provide them with the new URL. He will also send out a broadcast message to encourage more sites to sign up for the service. He will start this work on 8/20/2012
  
*Mine*
   * Get Marco out of the grid-sec mailing list and subscribe herself. 


*Needs from the VDT Team*
   * We need to finalize how we will finalize the CA update process for CA rpm bundles.
   * There are many sites who are behind several OSG versions. Should we push these sites to use OSG rpm versions or should we just ask them to perform security updates from pacman packages. 
   * We need OSG VOs to update VOMS-Admin version due to a security vulnerability as well as new CA bundle compatibility. If the VOs prefer to have an update for their pacman installations, what should we do? should we push VOs to upgrade to rpm installations?before we meet with Alain, we should understand how difficult to do the upgrade for VO admins. Kevin and Anand should survey VO admins. 
   * Pakiti packaging requirements from the VDT team. Kevin needs to communicate his requirements document to VDT Team. We should discuss this item when Kevin finishes his plan, not this week. 
   * We need to plan for SHA-2 transition. Again, we should discuss this at a subsequent meeting. 

  
   


-- Main.MineAltunay - 14 Aug 2012
