%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476804104" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
--+++Meeting Minutes 3/15/2011
Anand, Igor, Jim, Mine

*Jim*: 
   * Pretty quiet with the incidents. Reported the kernel vulnerability to osg incident discuss list. There is no active exploits going on. The exploit may escalate to root but apparently it is difficult enough that there are no active exploits at the moment. 
   * EGI had 3 incidents in the last 2 months. All were through ssh brute force attacks. EGI did not consider the kernel expoit as important at the moment. 
   * Policy meeting this morning was useful. Worked on some definitions such as local vs site. There is nothing to be worried about the 
   * Jim has not been to many Trash/Tier3 site admins meetings. He has not received invitations from Dan. He completed the best practices documentations a year ago. Doug Benjamin asked to be the interpreter for the Tier3s. We will from now on send him the announcemets ahead of time. Mine will check if Doug Benjamin is in incident discuss lists. 
   *   Jim will follow up on the mod_ss file too big to upload errors GOC is reporting. GOC wants to change the size of the buffer. 

*Anand*: 
   * Focusing on the ITB testing. We have to test older versions of the osg stack. Anand asked Ruth, Dan Fraser and Suchandra abot setting up testing with production machines. He will send me a list of the versions he wants to test and which site admins he identified in production side. 
   * Not progressed with security controls. 
   * He will follow up on the command line get certs scripts and the problems with the host certs returned. 
   * He will send the VO survey to all VO security contacts. 

*Igor*
   * A closing report from the all hands meeting would be good. Igor thinks the response was insignificant to write a report. He will send the survey to site admins. 



-- Main.MineAltunay - 15 Mar 2011
