%META:TOPICINFO{author="KevinHill" date="1404420137" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SecurityTeamWorkingArea"}%
%TOC%

---+ 2 Security Controls Assessment 2014
---++ 2.1 Overview
---++ 2.2 Management Controls
---+++ 2.2.1 Integrated Computer Security Management
---++++ 2.2.1.1 Roles and Responsibilities - Line Organization
   * We really only review this once a year, so should change this in the security plan.
   * The org chart does not appear to be on the twiki, someone should probably do that.
   * There appears to be a new org chart at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1131, which seems to be up to date.

---++++ 2.2.1.2 Awareness for OSG managers
   * Document at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=573 could use minor updating. Its very long, perhaps a more concise version could be developed.

---++++ 2.2.1.3 See 2.3.1.3

---+++ 2.2.2 Security Processes
---++++ 2.2.2.1 Computer Security Lifecycle Meeting
   * Security team weekly meeting minutes are available at the url in the control.

---++++ 2.2.2.2 Briefing of the Area Coordinators
   * Meeting minutes are made available, in addition, the security officer attends the weekly area coordinators meeting.

---++++ 2.2.2.3 Risk Assessment
   * In progress

---++++ 2.2.2.4 Polices, Plans, and Procedures
   * Documents are available in docdb and wiki, but there should be an explicit list or location of pointers to which documents are included here.

---++++ 2.2.2.5 Self Assessment
   * We need to schedule a formal self assessment.

---++++ 2.2.2.6 Peer review
   * We should combine a peer review with the self assessment.

---+++ 2.2.3 Trust Relationships
---++++ 2.2.3.1 Approval
   * The appropriate document is now https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OIMRegistrationInstructions, updated the security plan.
   * Approval records are recorded in GOC tickets.

---++++ 2.2.3.2 Documentation
   * This control should be changed. Does not seem possible to have the executive director be able to personally verify all of OIM database.

---++++ 2.2.3.3 Clear roles and responsibilities
   * Contact information in OIM seems to be up to date. Perhaps an annual email to ask folks to review their info would help? Seems to work for some of the domain registrars.

---++++ 2.2.3.4 Review
   * Again I think this is referring to verifying all of OIM, which seems impractical. This control could use some clarification.

---++ 2.3 Operational Controls
---+++ 2.3.1 Security Training and Awareness
---++++ 2.3.1.1 Role based training
   * Changed interval to yearly.
   * Security training sessions held at OSG all hands meeting.
   * New VOs are getting initial security training session. This is tracked via tickets.

---++++ 2.3.1.2 Regular OSG Core Security Phone Conference
   * Security team meeting minutes are reviewed regularly be security team members.

---++++ 2.3.1.3 OSG and Other Security Mailing Lists
   * These lists are in place:
      * INCIDENT-DISCUSS-L@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG
      * INCIDENT-REPORT-L@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG
      * OSG-SECURITY-SOFTW-VULNERABILITY@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG
      * OSG-SECURITY-TEAM@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG
      * security@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG
      * SECURITY-DISCUSS-L@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG
      * TG-SECURITY@opensciencegrid.org
   * Seems like most of these lists are unused, and could be replaced with the ticket system in incident response procedures.

---++++ 2.3.1.4 Security Briefings and Discussions at Consortium Meetings
   * Security training sessions were held at OSG All Hands meeting at SLAC.

---+++ 2.3.2 Incident Response
---++++ 2.3.2.1 Incident Planning
   * Incident response process documented in Security.IncidentResponseProcess. Right now still relies on email lists, but should probably be switched to use security tickets.

---++++ 2.3.2.2 Incident Discovery and Mandatory Reporting
   * A full security drill should be planned for the fall of 2014.

---++++ 2.3.2.3 Invocation of the Incident Response Plan
   * Logs have been reviewed as part of the Traceability project, but a full security drill should be conducted.

---++++ 2.3.2.4 Incident Handling
   * Logs have been reviewed as part of the Traceability project, but a full security drill should be conducted.

---++++ 2.3.2.5 Incident Analysis and reporting
   * Logs have been reviewed as part of the Traceability project, but a full security drill should be conducted.

---+++ Data Integrity

   * SecurityControlsSurvey2014GOC
   * SecurityControlsSurvey2014OASIS
   * SecurityControlsSurvey2014CA
   * SecurityControlsSurvey2014Software
   * SecurityControlsSurvey2014GlideinFactory
   * SecurityControlsSurvey2014OSGConnect
   * SecurityControlsSurvey2014DocDB

<!--
Accessible by security team only:
   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.GridGroup, Main.SecurityTeamGroup, Main.AnandPadmanabhan
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.SecurityTeamGroup
   * Set DENYTOPICVIEW = Main.TwikiGuest
--> 

-- Main.KevinHill - 28 May 2013



-- Main.KevinHill - 17 Jun 2014