%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1207764646" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SecurityTeamWorkingArea"}%
---++ OSG Security Team Meetings

Each Tuesday at 10:30 am CDT 
510-665-5437 ID 3697

Meeting Minutes/Action Items from 03/20/2008
Attendees
Doug, Ron, Mine, Jim

weekly reports from last week:
Doug:
   * the slides of taiwan -- 5th to 12th april 
   * tagpma 2-4-5 
   * RA business

Ron: 
   * privacy policy -- second draft is out. incorporated comments
   * osg aup and registration templates: will be sent out tomorrow 
   * due date for VOs to return policies: end of april
   * Attended grid class 

Mine: 
   * security roadmap, mwsg agenda and talks, WLCG pilot framework (reviewed cms)
   * MIS, OPS, GridEx, SDS, DESS VOs contacts are collected
   * Standing issue: VOs cannot provide incident response contact 
Doug thinks it is OK to expect business hour contacts
   * splunk and gratia -- to use gratia ccounting records as an forensics tool
set up a new splunk machine with cst team. licensing issue 
   * CMS pilot shares problme -- Frank W and I reached a conclusion
   * GUMS RSV probes resolved
   * CMS requirement for slot-user concept, resolved
   * condor-g proxy clean up process
   * Attribute Certificate validation document is completed -- I will send you all a copy
   * Gratia duty this week


Issues/Action Items:

   * New meeting schedule : Tuesdays at 10:30 am CDT

   * We need an update of incident response plan and policy. 
   * Doug will read the old policy document and let us know which parts should be modified
   * Doug will start a twiki page where he will list: 
	1) the questions we should ask sites and VOs 
	in case of an incident. we can have a separate questionnaire for each 
	2) the list of log files that can help sites/VO to answer above questions
	this list later be incorporated with VDT
	3) the privacy statement: that sites/VOs must tell us how much of incident information
	can be disclosed to other sites and VOs. we must remind sites/VO each time about their preference

   * Doug will establish secure communication methods for the site/Vo and OSG contacts in case of incidents. 
	We can either use secured twiki boards, where we restrict access to security contacts
	we can use encrypted emails. 
   * By next meeting Doug will tell us which direction we are heading towards
   * Doug will put more info into the indico calendar, urls for ISGC and TAGPMA. 

	
   * We need a review of risk assessment document of OSG. This is an action item on Mine
   * Mine will present the revised document to the team on April 3rd
   * We also need a revise of mgmt controls in OSG security plan 
   * Mine will do this. 

   * Mine will ask Alain about including privacy disclaimers in the software

   * The revise of technical controls in security plan
   * Ron will present the revised document by next Friday. 

April 9, 2008 

*NEW Action Items* 

Anne pointed the following list to us. 

*Security/EmailLists* (see the red text; also I commented out the "abuse" list) 

*Assignee: Mine*, I emailed the facility list to clear this up. I will take care of this
   
*Documentation/OsgFaq#Security_and_Certificates* (please read all entries in this section; I added in the questions you suggested but I don't know if I got all the info right. See red text for info you need to add)

*Assignee: Doug* -- can you please fill out the FAQ session . see security and certificates FAQ link on our main security web site.

*Security/WebHome* (I added link to OsgFaq (above). Is it prominent enough?

*yes. Doug* can change it if he doesn't like it.

I still think you need entries on this page under *security awareness* for site admins and VO admins, but I don't have info to put there, so I didn't create.)

*Assignee: Mine* 

*Security/IncidentDiscoveryReporting* (I shortened and tried to clarify; I still found it a bit confusing and redundant. Missing text is just commented out.)

*Assignee: Doug* will check the incident response submission form and the web site.

*Incident Submit Form*: I tested the form and had to go through a half dozen steps to send it after hitting Submit (I use Firefox browser but Outlook mail). It wanted to send encrypted, I unencrypted it; not sure if I had to...

*Assignee: Doug* was working on this

*Security/PoliciesProcedures* (I didn't change this page, but I suggest moving link to Incident Response Plan to here; I don't think it belongs on the "report an incident" page. People should go there ONLY to report an incident.)

*Assignee: Mine* -- done



-- Main.MineAltunay - 20 Mar 2008
