%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1188495336" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGIndividualEffortReports"}%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%

<h1>Effort reports from Chris Green</h1>

<h2>Period: August 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Continued work on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>, including documentation. Kit complete, documentation will be ready for package release early 09/2007.</li>
  <li>Discuss purpose of OSG VO and possible new subgroup categorizations.</li>
  <li>OSG VO administration.</li>
  <li>Work on draft of newsletter report on OSG Users' Meeting.</li>
  <li>Send preview version site testing kit to Britta Daubert at LIGO.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Opened up the agenda of every second UG 'phone meeting to widen attendance and improve communication with users.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Period: July 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Continued work on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>, including documentation.</li>
  <li>Discussion regarding MPI with RENCI and Purdue.</li>
  <li>More OSG / Fermigrid help for !MiniBooNE.</li>
  <li>Work with Nebraska on problems with Engage access.</li>
  <li>More liaison with !IceCube.</li>
  <li>Start work on CHEP demo with Anne Heavey and RENCI.</li>
  <li>Deal with various OSG user / VOMS issues.</li>
  <li>Attend and talk at Site Workshop on behalf of users.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Organize and hold Users' Meeting at FNAL 2007/07/26-27.</li>
  <li>Give talks on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt> and information sources at Users' Meeting and hold discussion sessions.</li>
</ul>


<h2>Period: June 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Opened dialog with !IceCube.</li>
  <li>Continued work on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>.</li>
  <li>Work with Engagement and nanoHUB on current problems.</li>
  <li>Administer the OSG VOMS server at FNAL.</li>
  <li>Help ILC user with problems on OSG / Fermigrid.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Continued organization of Users' Meeting at FNAL 2007/07/26-27.</li>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
  <li>Looked into status propagation in GRAM and Condor.</li>
</ul>



<h2>Period: May 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Work with !MiniBooNE to change from pull to push model to widen number of sites upon which they can run. Also helped diagnose and work around consequences of a bug in Condor 6.8.4. Diagnosed minor problems with !MiniBooNE's !GridFTP servers and =globus-url-copy= on CMS worker nodes.</li>
  <li>Continued work on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>.</li>
  <li>Work with Buffalo and Vanderbilt to improve site usability.</li>
  <li>Helped with application porting guide.</li>
  <li>Discussions with CDF about DCache and Fcp.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
  <li>Produced a daily email report summarizing failed jobs per site for each VO.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Started organization of Users' Meeting at FNAL 2007/07/26-27.</li>
  <li>Started weekly coordination meetings.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Period: April 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Ongoing contacts with various VOs and users as issues arise.</li>
  <li>Regular contacts with Documentation group.</li>
  <li>Continued work on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>.</li>
  <li>Discussions with Engagement team and EB over poor support of VO on OSG sites.</li>
  <li>Work with Vanderbilt to ensure Engage support.</li>
  <li>Work with !MiniBooNE to change from pull to push model to widen number of sites upon which they can run.</li>
  <li>Help SDS/DES identify new sites upon which they can run.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Discussions about quarterly reports and future work.</li>
  <li>Discussions about 0.8.0 requirements.</li>
</ul>


<h2>Period: March 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Ongoing contacts with various VOs and users as issues arise.</li>
  <li>Regular contacts with Documentation group.</li>
  <li>Continued work on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>.</li>
  <li>Gave talk at Consortium meeting on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Extended Gratia daily emails to include Panda information.</li>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
  <li>Attended Consortium sessions</li>
<ul>

<h2>Period: February 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>3-day trip to RENCI, NC to help jump-start MPI use.</l>
  <li>Continued work on <tt>osg-vo-tests</tt>.</li>
  <li>Regular contacts with Documentation group.</li>
  <li>Contact with Abhishek Rana at UCSD on user support issues and coordination.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Period: January 2007</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Working with Engagement group to get new users running on OSG.</li>
  <li>Work on a Perl VO-centric test suite for application owners to run on site.</li>
  <li>Help STAR use Fermigrid resources.</li>
  <li>Ongoing occasional help for !MiniBooNE.</li>
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
  <li>Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.</li>
<ul>
  
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
  <li>Ongoing informal contacts with VOs and VO production manager(s).</li>
<ul>

</ul>

<h2>Period: December 2006</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>

<ul>
<li />Continue work with !MiniBooNE, several sites now working successfully.
<li />Produce bi-weekly reports on site status from the point of view of VOs for executive committee.
<li />Continued working on WS-GRAM: Globus server bug prevents Condor-G use with VDT < 1.6.0.
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>
<ul>
<li />Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>
<ul>
<li />Meeting with Miron to discuss VO impressions.
<li />Ongoing informal contacts with VOs and VO production manager(s).
</ul>

<h2>Period: November 2006</h2>

<h3><i>1.3.1.1.1</i> Support Users of OSG<br><i>1.3.1.3.1</i> Support experiments</h3>

<ul>
#OsgSupport <li />Work with !MiniBooNE to open non-FNAL sites up to use via OSG; adapt production software to peculiarities of various sites.
#OsgSupportDES <li />'Phone conference with Frank, Torre and DES to discuss problems of their last production run and work towards solutions.
<li />Perform initial contacts with OSG sites to help D0 prepare for large multi-site production run.
<li />Liaise with GADU on their production run.
<li />Produce bi-weekly reports on site status from the point of view of VOs for executive committee.
<li />Look into WS-GRAM on OSG 0.4.1 and ITB to open up use to new VOs.
<li />Work on modular test infrastructure for VOs.
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.3</i> Interpret logging and bookkeeping information</h3>

<ul>
<li />Work ongoing with Gratia project to collect accounting information from OSG sites.
</ul>

<h3><i>1.3.1.2.2</i> Gather and address user feedback</h3>

<ul>
<li />See [[#Support][<i>1.3.1.1.1</i> / <i>1.3.1.3.1</i>]], especially [[#DES][DES]].
</ul>

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 29 Aug 2007
