%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481048001" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="CreateNewReport"}%
---+!! 2007Q1 PI Quarterly Report 
%STARTINCLUDE%
---++  <nop> SLAC
%EDITTHIS%
<!-- EDIT BELOW THIS LINE ONLY! -->


<!-- Complete the template. You can either use TWiki style, copy in plain text, or put in HTML. -->
<!-- IF COPYING IN HTML: Please only include the sections between your BODY tags. -->


January:

 
EUgrid PMA meeting: The EUgrid PMA met for 3 days in Abingdon, UK. In addition to reviewing the new memberships requests from a number of new Certification Authorities, there was an extensive review of the Member Integrated Certification System (MICS) profile and hopefully the results will be approved by the other PMAs at their next meetings.  Other contentious issues were raised and discussed like the meaning of host/service certificates and what did they really mean and who was responsible for them; and what is the requirement for a face-to-face meeting. Also of interest were the Thawte WebofTrust signing and the PGP signing that I participated in.


  http://www.eugridpma.org/agenda/fullAgenda.php?ida=a063


Cyber Security R&D Workshop: Four research directions were selected as priorities for requesting funding. Of particular interest and where I participated most heavily was in authentication and attribute-based authorization.


  http://dsd.lbl.gov/Workshops/CyberWorkshop


Open Grid Forum 19:  More security-related sessions than ever before, including a whole day on Federated Identity. I also made a number of contacts and arranged for a number of talks to be presented at the MiddleWare Security Group meeting in early March.


  http://www.ogf.org/OGF19/events_ogf19.php

--------------------------------------------------------------------

 

February

 
Open Grid Forum 19:  (meeting crossed between January and February) More security-related sessions than ever before, including a whole day on Federated Identity. I also made a number of contacts and arranged for a number of talks to be presented at the MiddleWare Security Group meeting in early March.

 
  http://www.ogf.org/OGF19/events_ogf19.php

 
MWSG meeting arrangements: Made preparations for hosting the March MWSG meeting at UCSD including verifying room arrangements and collecting commitments for talks at the meeting. We managed to successfully overfill the agenda.
 

JSPG telephone meeting: Participated in OSG and JSPG conference calls to arrive at a agreeable version of the Site Security agreement

 
Security Discuss email list: Initiated discusssions about the purpose of the list, membersip, and distribution restrictions. Buried Don with suggestions for improvements to the mailing list. (reply-to changes are still queued)

 
Duties of Grid Participants, DRAFT: Wrote and circulated a draft outline of a NIST-like set of required security controls for various grid participants. Started discusssion with Ake Edlund (EGEE SCG Chair) about both OSG and EGEE having a NIST-like security requirements structure.

 
Publicity: Coordinated quote (ghost-written by Ruth) for iGTW newsletter leading to an article about OSG Security efforts that appeared in SLAC Today.

 

--------------------------------------------------------------------

 

March

 
MWSG meeting: Held March 1-2 and was extremely successful and seemed to be of great value to the participants. Schedule of talks and the slides frpom the talks can be found at:


   http://indico.cern.ch/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=12654

 
OSG Meeting: Participated in the security training sessions.

 
JSPG Meeting: A lot of editing was performed on the grid site security agreement - significant improvements were made. I gave a presentation on the Virtual Organization security agreement and there were several hours of discussion after that. We also talked about host vs. server certificates and when they should be issues and heard from the bio-science community on their requirements.  Detailed agenda and documents discussed can be found at 

    http://indico.cern.ch/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=10641


TAGPMA Meeting: There was a lot of discussion about the SLCS and MICS profiles and a number of changes were made, particularly to the MICS profile before it was adopted. There were a number of presentations from US members seeking accreditation.

 
      http://indico.na-df.rnp.br/indico/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=22

 International Symposium on Grid Computing (ISGC): Wrote draft of VO security agreement and circulated it for comments before presenting agreement in talk.  Also gave a talk on a proposal for an assertion validation service.

 
      http://event.twgrid.org/isgc2007/

  

 

 

 

 







%STOPINCLUDE%