%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1133382662" format="1.0" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WorkshopFnalNov05"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Attending

John Weigand, Dan Yocum, Alain Roy, Neha Sharma, Eric Hjort, Alex Sim, Ruth Pordes, Horst Severini, Penelope Constanta, Michael Thomas, Marty Dippel, Rob Gardner, Rob Quick, Tim Silvers, Andrew Zahn,
Anand Pdmanahhan, Shaowen Wang, Murali Ramsunder, Bockjoo Kim, Marco Mambelli, Philip Canal, Burt Holzman, Greg Cross, Ransom Brigs, Xin Zhao, Steve Tim, Paul Tader, Shih-Chieh Hsu, Tim Cartwright, Alan Sill (Remote), Terrance Martin (Remote), David

---++Morning Session

	* Updated Rob's opening talk on workshop goals with site, service and validation plans and assignments.
		* Changes to OSG workernode 
	* Will need to update grid3-info-prov script with new local storage variables. (Neha, Marco, Rob Q)
	* See Alain's talk and handout on VDT 1.3.8.  Self contained.
	* Storage - need to review and synthesize documents.  (Test with sdsc and Neha?)
	* See Anand's talk on GIP status:
		* New package version 0.2.2.  Need to add to OSG cache (work with Rob Q).
		* Use =configure_gip=.
		* Open issue: LCG wants a batch queue for every VO.  Which attributes out of the large set should be published? 
		* Update GIP in release description
		* Need more interaction with application communities (working with Bockjoo and CMS/Crab).
	* Elliot: help Neha install jobmon on ucsd and validate. 

---++Afternoon
	* 


*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 30 Nov 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

