%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010181" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, Octobet 13, 2005.

   * Last meeting, MinutesSep29
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

Chris M, Mark G, Marco, Greg, Rob, Leigh, Burt, Xin, Alain, Shaowen, Rob, Chris, Fred, Michael,
Dane, Stu, Alan, Kent

---++ Agenda

<pre>
With the release of VDT 1.3.7 and the formation of ITB 0.3.0 (heading
towards deployment of OSG 0.4), we need to consider and summarize
the next steps for the ITB activity.  We should discuss this at today's
ITB meeting.


Thursday, October 13, 2005
2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MeetingMinutes

In particular, we see a number of processes in play, each with
different groups and people involved.

1) The 0.4 deployment specification process needs to be
completed before we have an ITB 0.3.0 cache we'd deploy
on a "large" (on the ITB) scale.

2) There are a number of  monitoring infrastructure pieces that
need to be resolved within the MIS group, and there is effort
on-going in that direction.

3) the gt4 testing (Gram level, MDS4) should continue testing
in parallel - now in the context of VDT 1.3.7.  There already
is a lot of work going on and issues exposed, which we
should discuss tomorrow.  This effort could be expanded.

4) We can consider pre-release ITB 0.3.0 until we have
firmer information/guidance from deployment

Proprosed agenda:

 * Issues with the GT4 testbed so far (Leigh, Alan, Chris...)

 * pre-release ITB 0.3.0, with GT4 focused testing with additional  sites


thanks,

Rob and Leigh

</pre>

---++ GT4 testing

   * Leigh installed 1.3.7 before it was released on two systems, and tested one against the other.
   * Used Condor job manager for these tests.
   * Basic globus ws-exec commands, was able to get to work with help from VDT.
   * Differences - will be running a mysql daemon on gk.  Init script needs to be started after the install is complete (no longer through inetd).  A config requirement for sudu for globus users. (After install, need to allow the globus user to sudo to each user accessing a service.)
   * Alain: old globus gk ran as root.  Globus wanted to change that.  So now require the globus user. An you have to configure sudu by hand.
   * Chris's report.  Went through process of running things as daemon user.  Alain says a patch has been made so that information from sudu would go into a VDT location.
   * More from Leigh - once up and running, used a local gridmap file.  Note - can't use a PRIMA callout.  On client side, one now needs to have a gridftp server on client (submit hosts)!! Required for Condor-G too.
   * Alain says it might be possible to simply this.
   * Mark G: is this facilitated in the current OSG cache? No. Do you need it on the WN's?  
   * Stu: if you ask Gram to do filestaging, it does 3rd party gridftp between two servers (since it uses rft). Note 
   * Alain - can you run this on-the-fly, perhaps?
   * Are there new restrictions on the client?  Need a host certificate.
   * We need to look into issues of assumptions on shared file systems, and problems with PBS/lsf for systems which don't support wn to hn fs sharing.
   * One of main issues is PRIMA not in gt4 - Alain not sure how long it will take to include.  Perhaps a week, but need to check.

---++ Pre-release ITB 0.3.0

   * Current composition has been targeted for gt4 testing. - Leigh
   * Dane - OSG 0.4 feature set specifies WS interfaces. We could also say there are additional CE's that have the pre-WS.
   * Should we include the pre-ws gram in itb 0.3.0? (since most vo's have not migrated, and need soln for lw gridftp on client side)
   * Is it heavy weight that a CE must provide both interfaces? Or should we require one, or the other.
   * What are the implications for GridCat? Causes a huge monitoring debacle. 
   * Leigh feels that logistically its complicated to both at the same.
   * Leigh, Dane and Mark feel the approach should be componentized only.
   * PRIMA requires old Gram - Leigh (Alain will)
   * Sites IU, TTU (will follow WS thread), PU (Soon as accounting problem for globus), UC, FNAL, BNL, UB.

---++ grid3-info.conf

Greg Cross:

<pre>
Can I add an item to today's agenda?

In my efforts to get OSG installed on TeraGrid, I realized that site_verify (and likely GridCat) 
will not work if it gets its information by assuming the grid3-info.conf file is in 
$GLOBUS_LOCATION/../monitoring/ .  TeraGrid uses its own Globus, and I doubt it'd be easy to 
convince them to let us install such directories and files wherever we want (at least beyond the 
scope of the testing phase).

Hence, either site_verify (and GridCat) needs to have alternate means to get the site configuration 
(through MDS, perhaps), or there has to be a mechanism that defines $VDT_LOCATION if it's not the 
same as $GLOBUS_LOCATION/../ .  I think TeraGrid would be agreeable to publishing the OSG catalog 
information through MDS; the question is whether the OSG tools and infrastructure are set up to 
check that service as an alternative to requiring $GLOBUS_LOCATION/../monitoring/grid3-info.conf .

This was brought up this morning at the VDT office hours, but I would like to bring those 
responsible for monitoring into the fold.  While there may be varying opinions on what 
constitutes an official OSG site, interoperability with other Grid fabrics will necessitate 
accommodations for some amount of retrofitting into pre-existing infrastructures.  
In those cases, a standard installation cannot be taken for granted, and variables 
such as paths cannot be assumed.

Thanks,
G

</pre>

   * Installing VDT on a Teragrid site.
   * Issue is how to pickup the monitoring information from a non-VDT deployed Globus site?
   * Note: grid3-info.conf is a config for MDS, but GridCat looks for it. - Marco
   * But, isn't GridCat running the information provider?
   * Leigh - we're working with the glue schema and information providers, would need a replacement for this.
   * Site verify also fails. 
   * Is TG using the glue schema?  Not sure.
   * Greg thinks he can implement a work around using a different port.   
   * Should discuss this in monitoring.


---++ CE Storage 

   * There may no longer be the model where wn and hn's have shared directories. - Marco
   * Twiki page has been updated on Monday, discussed in storage meeting yesterday and they're requesting two weeks to evaluate it. 
   * There is a definition of the $DATA, $APP, etc.  Change is that $TMP will be removed (redundant).  Also, every site will not have to deploy all of these.  There will be a minimum set for OSG. 
   * See LocalStorageRequirements.



---++ AOB

   * Alan reports problems with VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS installation with VDT 1.3.7 - ticket issued.


%STOPINCLUDE%