%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010180" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, April 13, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesApr13
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: %RED%Thursday 2:30pm  Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212 %ENDCOLOR%


---++Attending

Rob Q, Neha, John R, Rob, Greg, Marco, Doug, Burt, Kent, Preston, Alain, Anand, Shaowen, Alan, Horst, David/LIGO, John W, Michael, Steven Timm, Ransom, 


---++Agenda

   * Application Validation: SiteValidationTableITB037
   * Documentation: [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/DocumentationTable036and037][Doc's list]]
   * Update on MDS
   * Monalisa update discussion
   * ServiceCertificateforVOMS
   * Provisioning
   * AOB 


---++ App Validation (Michael)

   * Up to date; some sites have gone from red to green.
   * Added summary row for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's to indicate satisfaction in testing.
   * Summary of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo testing:
      * LIGO - validation on a few sites, went okay. Anything further?  (David: rebuilding submit engine, will do more validation.)
      * FNAL VO - can't yet install 0.3.7 - main problem is getting Monalisa to read Condor Quill.  Other projects are relying on the existing 0.3.6 for testing. 
      * SDSS - validated on three sites, problems on the others.  Will update the table.
      * ATLAS - Marco is working on Panda modifications 
      * GRASE - no report
      * CDF - no report; M. Norman was running some jobs at Purdue and TTU.
      * D0 - no report
      * GADU - no report
      * Nanohub - no report
      * GROW - before next week
   * Services
      * "okay" most sites pass, some fluctuations
      * Gridex - okay
      * Monalisa - okay
      * Gridcat - okay
      * BDII - awaiting resolution of problems with GIIS (VDT work)
      * srmclient - Haifeng has done some testing on some CMS sites
      * managed-fork - if anyone has installed, please update table and let Michael
      * ACDC - remove from validation list for now
      * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS - depends on the http://scan.grid.iu.edu/ ; runs site verify script


---++ Documentation Review (Burt)

   * Documentation: [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/DocumentationTable036and037][Doc's list]]
   * Going through the list
   * Horst - has reviewed firewall document
   * Alan - workernodeclient review. cert script pages (edg-crl-upgrade, etc): Alan will review.  
      * Worried that we are advising site admins to install on every compute node. 
      * Alan has developed an =rsync= based script to distribute locally. 
      * Split up packages, modify documentation, let sys admin decide. (Alan and RobQuick will work this issue.)
      * Why have a workernode client part at all?
         * We are having a long discussion about the methodology here.
         * Decide to change documentation rather than software - defer to 0.5.0.
         * Alan will create documentation to lead to a trouble-free installation.
   * Rob - voms what to do... not quite ready.


---++ Update on MDS (Burt, Alain)

   * MDS2 has openldap is old, has bugs, load related. 
   * LCG is running in a different fashion - BDII (stable ldap) insulates from MDS2 (old ldap).
   * Globus has released an updated version of the MDS, not part of the official distrution, lightly tested. VDT working on build - today or tomorrow will be finished. More recent than the version we have. 
   * Burt and CMS will be testing. If all okay, we'll make it as an optional install, perhaps required for 0.4.1.
   * nb: don't know if this will fix the problem or not, would know results in 24 hours.

---++ Monalisa update discussion

   * Fixes serveral problems - not working with Quill (Steven T).  Can there be a work around?
   * Not a lot of enthusiasm for auto-updating; mild concerns about uniformity and security.
   * Vote for autoupdate feature to fix known problems.
   * CMS will validate the 1.5.2 release, and wishes to see this deployed. 
   * FNAL VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo would like 1.5.4 as well.

---++ Certificate updates concerns (Alan)
  
   * How to handle rapid updates to these from IGTF?  VDT is working on this - done by a pacman update. 
   * email goes to support centers; there is also an RSS feed available from operations: htt://www.grid.iu.edu/news

---++ ServiceCertificateforVOMS (Alain)

   * While back switched to using the host certificate, which should be owned by root.
   * In VDT 1.3.11 a newer version of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS, no problems using the http service cert; will go back to this in the future. Will cause a service upgrade.  Does the GUMS template have to upgraded? (no)
   * Generally no complaints from the ITB group.

---++ Provisioning

   * Schedule: okay, but just barely.
   * Documentation table - okay.
   * Sites - want to see more VOs and sites weigh in.
   * Monday, 24th was going to be the final documenation date, will slip by a week.

---++ AOB 

   * None.



<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->


*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 19 Apr 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%