%META:TOPICINFO{author="LeighGrund" date="1139405066" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Integration meeting, February 9, 2006
	* Last meeting: MinutesFeb2
	* Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
	* Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

	* TBD

---++ Agenda

<pre>

  We will continue to work towards the schedule and
  the plans for the OSG 0.4.1 release, which for the
  ITB will be 0.3.5.
  
0) Review of issues from last week:

  http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/edit/Integration/MinutesFeb2
  
1) Updates and information from the VDT 1.3.10 release.

	http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ItbRel035
	
2)  Roll call of the resources which will be participating in the
	 ITB 0.3.5 testing.
	 
3) AOB



</pre>


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.LeighGrund - 08 Feb 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%

