%META:TOPICINFO{author="IwonaSakrejda" date="1276798728" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Documentation
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocQueue][Documentation Queue]] 
   * Documentation pages updated with testers, owners, and reviewers based on previous tags
   * Page deletion requests should go to Suchandra 
   * Changes of Documentation Ownership, Review and Testing should go to Suchandra and Iwona
   * Concentrate on CE Install instructions this week.
   * Search for pages associated with your name can be performed through the form at the bottom of your Twiki home page
   * Any documentation related issues/questions - do not hesitate to contact Main.RobertEngel


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Carlos/Steve/Karthik/Iwona/Poonam/Scot)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL (Carlos) - 
   * FNAL (Steve) - install 1.1.22 (CE, GUMS, Bestman) was planned?
   * LBNL (Iwona) - install Bestman from 1.1.22 - was planned?
   * UC_ITB - 
   * VDT Site  - 
   * OU (Karthik) - 
   * TTU (Poonam) - 
---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Carlos)
   * FNAL - 
   * LBNL - 
   * UC_ITB
   * VDT Site 
   * OU (Horst) - 
   * TTU - 


---++ Pending release with Java 1.6
      * ITB Sites should upgrade to ITB 1.1.22 prior to that so that the VDT Updater could be tested. 1.1.22 is the first one provisioned from the new cache - status?
      * VTB cache has been released and the VTB sites should start testing the java upgrade - results?
         * Issues at LBNL (ManagedFork)
      * Suchandra comes back next Thursday and that constraints time-lines for the next ITB release.
      * The next ITB release (with Java 1.6) should include a round of VO testing - who's the VO contact?
   



-- Main.IwonaSakrejda - 17 Jun 2010