%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1307650223" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Alain, Anupam, Karthik, Scot, Tanya,  Steve
   * Apologies: Horst
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.32
      * See high loads on CE when submitting new jobs especially when jobs are doing file transfers
   * FNAL
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.32 
      * When playing with vdt cleanup scripts, first 2 times the script hung, and after that the scripts have run fine
   * OUHEP
      * No updates 
      * Checking on the cleanup scripts and globus-gatekeeper, don't think 
   * UC_ITB
      * Also saw problem with loads on gatekeeper, might be due to memory exhaustion
      * SEs going to be down for about 2 hours tomorrow between 10 and noon central
   * VDT
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
   * FNAL
      * Power/heating issue resulted in a fault
   * OUHEP
      * Seeing some warnings on gratia condor probe, investigating
      * Other than that, everything looks okay
   * UC_ITB
      * Still investigating gatekeeper issues
   * VDT

---++ ITB testing 
   * Changes
      * Worker node rpms
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/UsingVDTNativePackages][RPM install documentation]]
         * Can be independently tested of pacman rpms
         * Not final but would like to push to production
      * Higher priority
         * VDT pacman updates
            * cleanup scripts for globus files
            * gatekeeper reniced to lower priority
            * tweaks to GRAM to work better
            * condor job manager patched to support accounting groups
   * Worker node rpms testing:
      * Xin testing at BNL
      * Suchandra testing at UC_ITB
   * ITB  Testing
      * Open items:
         * Bestman2 changes
            * reverting to bestman2 2.0.5 for now
            * work will be directed to rpms going forward
         * user scripts
            * will investigate issues at FNAL
            * still waiting for CMS to respond with results of their testing
         * globus gatekeeper nice causing problems at UC and BNL?
            * Investigating issues at UC_ITB
            * Waiting for Xin to check on CEs tomorrow
---+++ Packaging changes to rpms
    * Proposal to stop updates to pacman packages and to move to rpms
    * Steve has some concerns, will email Alain and Dan with them
    * Current worker node rpms will be superceded so further testing is not needed

---++ Documentation 
---+++ Current documentation
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.HardwareRecommendations][Hardware Recommendations]] 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ClientErrors][Client Errors]]
      * Karthik will review and update status
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.NetworkPerformanceToolkit][Network Performance Toolkit]]
      * Will email Horst
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ComputeElementPostInstall][CE Postinstall]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.OperatingSystems][Operating Systems]]
      * Alain will check page
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ConfigurationFileGIPExamples][GIP Configuration]]      
   * [[Documentation.AboutGUMS][About GUMS]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.LSFBatchSystemHints][LSF Batch hints]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.LocalAuthPreConfig][Local Auth Pre-configuration]]

---++ AOB  
   * None 

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 09 Jun 2011