%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486500994" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Karthik, Steve, Anupam, Scott, Horst, Tanya, Xin, Alain
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
      * No changes
   * FNAL
      * No changes 
   * OUHEP
      * No changes
      * Still working on setting for athena mp
   * UC_ITB
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.32 for initial testing
      * Noticed and fixed a problem with startup sequencing
      * Upgrading dcache and will test xrootd rpms when rc release comes out
   * VDT
      * No changes
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
      * Running ITB 1.1.32 
      * Didn't enable cleanup scripts
      * Not sure about performance impacts  
      * Will install and test rpms
   * FNAL
      * Running ITB 1.1.32 
      * Running tests of cleanup scripts
   * OUHEP
      * Upgraded to ITB 1.1.32 
      * Cleanup scripts look better after ionice changes
      * All green on rsv and tests
   * UC_ITB
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.32
      * 
   * VDT

---++ ITB testing 
   * Upcoming changes
      * Worker node rpms
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/UsingVDTNativePackages][RPM install documentation]]
         * Can be independently tested of pacman rpms
         * Not final but would like to push to production
      * Higher priority
         * VDT pacman updates
            * cleanup scripts for globus files
            * gatekeeper reniced to lower priority
            * tweaks to GRAM to work better
            * condor job manager patched to support accounting groups
   * Worker node rpms testing:
      * Xin will be testing at BNL
      * Steve will try to test the rpms if needed
      * Suchandra will be testing at UC_ITB
   * ITB  Testing
      * OUHEP saw high loads in the morning on gatekeeper, will check on this tomorrow to see if it's a persistent problem
      * Tanya is checking the bestman2 SEs at UC
      * Waiting for CMS okay before release
      * Suchandra will contact Doug Johnson at Colorado about SGE changes. 

---++ Documentation 
---+++ Current documentation
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.HardwareRecommendations][Hardware Recommendations]] 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ClientErrors][Client Errors]]
      * Karthik will review and update status
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationNetworkPerformanceToolkit][Network Performance Toolkit]]
      * Will email Horst
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationComputeElementPostInstall][CE Postinstall]]
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationOperatingSystems][Operating Systems]]
      * Alain will check page
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ConfigurationFileGIPExamples][GIP Configuration]]      
   * [[Documentation.AboutGums][About GUMS]]
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationLSFBatchSystemHints][LSF Batch hints]]
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationLocalAuthPreConfig][Local Auth Pre-configuration]]

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 26 May 2011
