%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985943" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, July 26, 2007
   * Last meetings: MinutesVTBJul10, MinutesJul19     
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1122

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees: Charles Huang, Rob Gardner, Tim Silvers, Tim Cartwright, Horst, Karthik, Arvind, Jeff Porter, Xin, Stu Martin
   * Apologies: Anand
  
---++ VTB Issues (!Suchandra)
   * VDT waiting for SGE ws-gram module
      * VDT will cut VDT 1.8.0 without module and try to include it in 1.8.1
      * SGE specific issue, doesn't affect ws-gram
   * Questions about pegasus 2.0.1
      * Pegasus team is working with Alain and will submit it to Alain
      * Timeline for 2.0.1 is not clear
      * Charles testing pegasus by running older test cases against new pegasus release against a vtb installation (1.7.1) 
      * May need to return to see whether we need pegasus-worker or the complete pegasus package in the wn-client package, need a stakeholder to clarify this
   * 4 vtb sites (UC, FNAL, LBNL, Caltech)
   * VDT has had breakages earlier and has 2 outstanding issues:
      * ca certificate installations and updates
      * pacman updates of ca certificates not fully working
      * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS configuration updates still has issues
      * release should be next week
   * Need to investigate whether gridmanager/gt4 patches can be integrated into the condor stable release and incorporate it into condor 6.8.6
   * Upgrade from VDT 1.8.0 to 1.8.1 will need a side by side installation using the *OLD_VDT_LOCATION* method
   * Upgrade process:
      * VDT 1.8.0 release
      * VTB test
      * ITB release and testing based on VDT release
      * VDT 1.8.1 release incorporating fixes and minor updates
      * VTB testing of 1.8.1
      * ITB testing of 1.8.1
      * OSG 0.8.0 release 

---++ ITB Readiness
   * subversion repository created and scripts setup to generate pacman cache
   * !RobQ 
   * Need to have plans for installing and validating storage element
      * should encourage VOs to have workflows that test storage element
      * should check and validation how information about SE is advertised
      * OSG Storage group should be contacted to get their involvement
   * Need to incorporate information service and advertise well defined attributes
   * Need to start discussing documentation and release process for documention
      * Install guide
      * Should have VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo roundups and checking (what Abhishek did in the last cycle)

---++ WS gram testing update (!Suchandra)
   * Currently running a series of tests (sleep jobs of 30, 60, 120, and 300s) with a varying number of jobs (100, 200, 400, 800, 1600, 3200)
   * Will have tests comparing prima vs. non-prima tests
   * Will have tests with staging in and staging out data
   * Will run tests with condor 6.9.5 
   * Other tests will be run over the next days and results will be circulated by end of weekend
   * will create initial draft of performance memo next week with goal of having final version done for executive board within 3 weeks

---++ ITB Central Resources 
   * Will discuss at  next meeting 

---++ ITB BNL Site readiness
   * BNL is setting up a ITB testbed (gateway, 5 worker nodes, 50GB dcache SRM)
      * discussion under way to increase size 
      * using vdt dcache installation
      * hardware set up and waiting for software
 
---++ AOB
   * ws-gram results will be discussed vtb meeting on Aug. 7
   * no vtb meeting next week
   * ITB installfest
      * shoot for 2 weeks from now
      * VDT release next week, need a week for installations and persistent sites to test
      * tentative plan for thurs timeslot (Aug 10?) 

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 16 Jul 2007