%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284999" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Scott, Steve, Horst, Anand, Robert, Alain, Rob Gardner, Anupam, Xin, Rob Quick
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
   * FNAL
   * OUHEP
   * UC_ITB
      * No major updates 
      * Being used by grid school
   * VDT
      * No major updates 
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
      * No major changes
   * FNAL
      * No changes
   * OUHEP
      * No updates
   * UC_ITB
      * No major changes
   * VDT

---++ ITB services at GOC
   * Only ITB service at GOC that is covered by SLA is BDII service 
   * How to ensure that services that the ITB uses is up during software testing
      * Need a SLA?
      * cache/ca certs url changes
         * Not a big issue in last cycle, hasn't been a problem in previous cycles
      * Will let things stay as is and monitor for issues going forward

---++ ITB testing for OSG 1.2.21
   * Urgent open bugs/changes that should be incorporated?
   * Last software release for pacman installs 
   * Updates so far:
      * LFC client
      * Gratia probe update
      * GIP update
      * Bestman2 update
      * security updates for a few components 
   * Schedule:
      * VTB testing by monday
   * VDT update page not done let but will be ready by Friday
   * CA certs updates
      * Finishing up testing
      * Will have a few more changes that ITB will need to test
      * Will be testing over the next 3-4 weeks (tentative schedule)
   
---++ Documentation 
   * [[Trash/Integration.CEDocumentationCampaign][CE Documentation Campaign]]
      * Target completion date -- Sep 1
      * Robert Engel will coordinate CE documentation 
      * Of 80 documents in CE area, about 20 documents need attention
   * Robert Engel sent out an email 

---+++ Current documentation work
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ValidateGUMS][Validate GUMS]]
      * Terrence Martin reassigned as owner
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ValidateSiteVerify][Validate Site Verify]]
      * Steve reassigned as owner
   * Steve Timm
      * Updated VOMRS
      * Updated glexec and fabric best practices   
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.NetworkPerformanceToolkit][Network Performance Toolkit]]
      * Suchandra will try to update with perfsonar updates and Horst will review
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ConfigurationFileGIPExamples][GIP Configuration Examples]]
      * Will ping owner/reviewers (Tony, Brian)

---++ AOB  
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 07 Jul 2011