%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985942" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  Fengping, John, Jeff, Tony, Horst, Karthik, Brita, Tanya, RobQ, Anand, Gabriele, Chris
   * Apologies: Arvind, Rob Gardner, Alain Roy,
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ VTB/ITB site list 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][ITB Sites List]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][VTB Sites List]]

---++ VDT Update 
   * 1.10.0 release made yesterday
   * ITB branch available as ITB:ce-0.9.0
  
 
---++ Configure-osg (Suchandra)
   * Available in ITB branch
   * Email will go out to email list with instructions on use

---++ Validation 
   * RSV [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ITB090/InstallAndConfigureRSV][Instructions to test RSV from VDT 1.10.0 are here]]
   * Gratia
      * Probes
         * Probes not in final form, waiting for new collector to release probes
         * New principal feature is probes being able to collect FQAN for most jobs (except for some ws-gram jobs)
         * Nothing new needed to validate probes
      * Collector 
         * Existing databases will be upgraded in order to handle FQANs
         * Will affect people with gratia databases
         * Testing will consist of upgrading collector and then checking to make sure that the collector is collecting information
         * More data integrity and speed should result from a switch to innodb 
      * Site level collector
         * Only instructions for this are found on gratia fnal collector [[http://gratia.opensciencegrid.org:8880/gratia-administration/replication-howto.html][here]]
         * Chris will review this to make sure instructions are still up to date
         * A few replication bugs that affects robustness but bugs should be fixed in next release
         * Known problems if replicatee is down (e.g. if fermilab site is down, site level collector might not work)
         * Unknown whether probe setup will get updated if configure-osg is rerun at a later date (i.e. probes may reset to reporting to fnal and not the local site collector)
         * Updating an existing collector may take a while if existing data is present in a local site collector (check logs if collector takes a while to come back up)
   * Cemon
      * After installing cemon, check to see that cemon is reporting to itb ress page
      * Can check the ReSS homepage for exact commands
      * Tanya will update troubleshooting
      * Admins should check the information being reported to make sure things make sense if the information is being reported to cemon
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ResourceSelection][Resource Selection Homepage]]
      * Problems in cemon might be in gip configuration problems
         * Tanya has made scripts available that can distinguish between gip and cemon issues
         * gip glue checker also [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/InformationServices/GipTesting][available]]

---++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Readiness (Brita)
   * No response from VOs 
   * Brita will send out email contacting VOs Friday or Monday
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo table will be up by Apr 15
   * VOs should be ready to test by Apr 21

---++ ITB Persistent Site Installs
   * Will contact Steven Timm about Fermilab site
   * UC_ITB will be up before the install fest
   * Xin will try to get an install on BNL before or during installfest
   
---++ ITB Installfest (Suchandra)
   * Scheduled for Apr 14-15
   * RobQ will moderate on Apr 15

---++ AOB
    * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 06 Feb 2008