%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444161" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic! --> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%


%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  Jeff, Rob, Suchandra, Charles, Stu, Laura, Brian, Keith, Dan, Alain
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 

---++ OSG Logging Architecture  (Brian Tierney)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-logging.ppt][OSG-logging.ppt]]: slides on OSG Logging Architecture
      * concerns from sites about sending log data to OSG has led to modified scheme - See slide 4
      * proposed architecture provides remote query of log information held at site
      * Some Questions raised:
         * do we really need additional infrastructure to make logs remotely queryable?
         * does subset of info sent to GOC provide any value?
         * does it lower the bar for bringing problems to the troubleshooting operation?
         * Are there additions we've not thought of that could make it extremely useful?
         * Are multi-site investigations useful?
      * Brian will be scheduled to present ideas in a bigger forum which should include GOC and Troubleshooting team.  Likely Site-Admin section of the March all hands meeting

---++ dCache on VTB

   * New Release Candidate: [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/software/dcache/server/RC2/2.1.3/][RC2/2.1.3]]
      * fixes replica manager and pool problems
      * postgres rpm for Gratia added
   * Site Updates:
      * UC:  Some residual problem with srm server, otherwise ready
      * LBNL: With Neha's help, we found more conflicts created by initial bad install and clash betweed gridftp server installed on the machine originally for use as a condor-g submit host.  Should be functioning now.  May re-install with new release candidate
      * BNL:  no update today
   * Availability of sites:  
      * End of this week is a target date for site-to-site tests
      * Next VTB meeting date (Feb 12) is target for anouncing availability 

---++ WS-GRAM discussion

   * Service testing: WSGramValidation
      * CMS VO workflow - noted on validation page
      * UCSD test plan goal - noted on validation page
      * UC results - Suchandra provided attached plots indicating beefy submit host could support larger rates.  He'll update validation page with bullet points
      * Atlas noted their benchmark needs which should be added to validation page
   * Log-file rotation
      * condor - seems to be on schedule
      * SGE - is working but still reviewing perhaps unrelated errors
   * Auditing bug
   * Glue Schema and OSG Info services - Charles will make sure agenda is included in the GIP meetings beginning next wednesday


---++ AOB



-- Main.JeffPorter - 04 Feb 2008
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-logging.ppt][OSG-logging.ppt]]: slides on OSG Logging Architecture

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="wsgram_statistics" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="statistics for globusrun-ws at 1hz" date="1202247389" path="wsgram_statistics" size="1019904" user="Main.SuchandraThapa" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="ws-gram_evaluation.doc" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="strawman for ws-gram report" date="1202247613" path="ws-gram_evaluation.doc" size="3020288" user="Main.SuchandraThapa" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="wsgram_gt2_gt4_data" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="comparison of gt2 and gt4" date="1202247424" path="wsgram_gt2_gt4_data" size="9420800" user="Main.SuchandraThapa" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-logging.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="slides on OSG Logging Architecture" date="1202146993" path="OSG-logging.ppt" size="310272" user="Main.JeffPorter" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Globusrun_Comparison_between_0.8_and_0.6" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Comparison of osg 0.6 and 0.8" date="1202247349" path="Globusrun_Comparison_between_0.8_and_0.6" size="969728" user="Main.SuchandraThapa" version="1"}%
