%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476803222" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Poonam, Marco, Robert, Michael Thomas, Rob, John Weigand, Alain, Xin, Horst, Sam Hoover, Doug Johnson, Steve Timm
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * Campfire chats: see Trash/SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/OSG12Plan][Current Schedule]]

---++ VTB Cycle and Schedule 
   * Will have a new VTB cache update this afternoon
   * Will discuss vtb status at meeting next Tueday
   * *Need to contact VOs about preparations* 
   * ITB scheduled to start sometime next week

---++ Log file (Suchandra)
   * Agreement on having log file directory
   * VDT may not have time to put together changes
   * If time starts running out, Suchandra will create package for this

---++ Ticketing system
   * Available at [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/itb/]]
   * Can't add vdt support center yet
   * *GOC will not work these tickets*

---++ Site Admins meeting 
   * August 6-7 2009 
   * Doodle poll sent out but not much response
   * *Installation idea was emphasized more*
   * restart Site admins phone meetings
   * Cover security given security drills
   * Request for HA talk by Alan Sill

---++ AOB
   * Request for AIX 1.2 support
      * Will have discussion offline about this 
   * Documentation
      * Meeting concerning overhaul of documentation in about a month
      * Will have shadow copy of 1.0 web created 
      * Keith will email vtb list when this is done
 
   
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 28 May 2009