%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444159" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, February 22, 2007
   * Last week: MinutesFeb15;  Tuesday's meeting: MinutesFeb20
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---+++ ITB 0.5.2/VDT 1.6.1 focus
   * ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050.WebHome release description
   * Integration.SiteValidationTableITB052  - validation table
   * ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050.DocumentationTable - documentation
   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/documentation.html][VDT documentation home]], [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.6.1/][VDT 1.6.1]]

---++ Attending
   * Alan Sill, Michael Thomas, Rob G, Suchandra, Forrest, Burt, Steven T, Jeff, Grow, Illya, John W, Horst, Karthik, David, Rob Q, Gabriele, John R, Xin, Alain, Abhishek
   * Apologies: none. 

---++ Follow-up from Tuesday's meeting
   * MinutesFeb20
   * Alain waiting for account from Alan to debug PBSpro; still thinks that Torque sites are fine.
   * So perhaps we have no show-stoppers.

---++ ITB Survey (David M)
   * Integration.SiteValidationTableITB052  - validation table overview.
   * LIGO passed at UCT2DEV - move up to top category.
   * Working with Ion and compbio validations.
   * 5 sites in top category.
   * and one has a production quality SE too.  David will annotate.
   * Steve reminds us we should be testing the tools to extract.

---++ VO testing on ITB: progress and issues (Abhishek)
   * Have not heard a lot this week.  No word from nanohub or CDF.
   * Burt: CMS is waiting on progress on BDII, and software installation on Steve's site; attempted last night.  Will like install on one or two sites. Concerned about the information chain.
   * Concern from Compbiogrid - knowing whether or not outgoing network connectivity from worker nodes.  Probably not configured well on sites.  David will get the ball rolling on getting the 5 sites setup with these attributes.
   * D0 will not be able to perform real site certification - its too long, takes more than 1 week with several people. 
   * ATLAS report (Torre via email clip):

<pre>
Hi Abishek,
Here are first results on the five that are on the list to test:


CIT_ITB_1:
- Cannot test. They will not support access to our subversion server
on a commercial hosting provider, so Panda cannot function there at
the moment.
(FNAL_FERMIGRID_TEST):
- not set up to use voms-proxy-init at the moment so cannot test yet.
At least I assume that's why I get an authentication failure there.
Though FNAL_GPFARM_TEST works.
LIGO-CIT-ITB:

                                                                 -
Outbound http not working, so Panda cannot function.
IUB-VTB:
- $OSG_GRID defined but setup file /grid/wn-client/setup.sh does not exist
- curl not found, and attempts to download it failed, so Panda cannot function.
- python not found
UC_T2DEV_ITB:
- passed

A few of the others pass this prelim test: ITB_INSTALL_TEST,
FNAL_GPFARM_TEST, OUHEP_ITB.

Have to do more tests before we can declare any as OK.

</pre>


---++ LDAP and HTTP certs;  vdt-control  (Steve)
   1 ldap and http certs, are they needed and why?
   2 order, vdt-control --on before configure-osg.sh or afterwards? On this latter I am sculpting the twiki to say "before" but others may disagree with me and I would like to hear why.
   * Tehnically allowed to copy host cert for tomcat; its just a separation of concerns for security reasons.  Leave document unchanged.
   * LDAP cert not needed - since we're not running MDS?  Does the gums probe use this?  Perhaps the host cert could be used.  Ownership (by tomcat) issue (and renewal)?  Note - this is covered in the GIP documentation.  *John W will take this issue offline with Steve, Gabriele, and Anand*.

---++ Gridscan/VORS news (John R)
   * No update since tuesday.

---++ SRM/dCache SE (Suchandra, Xin)
   * ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050.WebHome#Storage_Element_recommended
   * Reinstalling services once more (disk failure); all working except srm.  Working with Ted.  Estimate early next week, by Tuesday.
   * Xin: will setup a small dCache cluster - 5 nodes.  Will take some time to get the machines setup.  Estimate 2 weeks.

---++ Advertising network attributes (Shaowen)
   * ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050.GenericInformationProviders#Overwriting_attributes_published
   * Two glue attributes.  There is a by-hand recipe, is not in the config script presently.  Not a big deal to add the questions.  By default it is set that outbound is allowed, in-bound not.  
   * Abhishek and David would prefer this be explicit - Shaowen thinks this wound be simple to add. 
   * Gabriele brings up point of querying the batch cluster for "subcluster" attributes.  Assumption on CE being same as WN.  (A site can change, if necessary.)    Note - subcluster information can be added by hand.
   * David *proposes creating a subcommittee* to examine these and similar issues.
   * MAX_WALL_CLOCKTIME - reliable for PBS, not as simple to determine this for Condor (0 if you can't find anything)

---++ Storage information validation (Shaowen)
   * Points from last week:
      * We have a mixed landscape of storage resources and information sources.  Will provide a "best practices" source of information as to how to discover and use storage resources on the OSG. 
      * Shaowen will provide some information to Abhishek, who will coordinate an OSG *applications developer's best practices guide*.  Will reference existing documentation, and how one gets information about storage.
      * David notes that we additionally need the exact path - but its provided in the GIP.

---++ WS Gram testing (Jeff) 
   * ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050.TestingGram4
   * Focus on the 5 highly-scrubbed sites.  Will follow-up with Suchandra and John R.
   * Will form WS-Gram testing subcommittee.

---++ CEMon stability (Gabrielle, John W.)
   * John W reported a problem: Possible CEMon sensor problem in 1.6.1a - index out of range.
   * Gabrielle: Can we determine if this is a reproducible bug? Are other CEMon sites ok?
   * John R has written a script to check other sites - no other problems found.
   * John W will gather more information today. 
   * John R will run script twice a day?  Will send out to ITB list.

---++ Documentation (Rob Q, Alain)
   * ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050.DocumentationTable into production readiness.  In OSG is is done as part of the *Provisioning* process, which Rob Q and Alain will be leading. 
   * Rob sent email reminders - went from 40 to about 15 un-reviewed documents.
   * To create OSG 0.6 documentation set should not too hard to create.
   * Will need to handle version numbers (OSG 0.6 versus ITB 0.5.2).
   * Two reviewers thought their documents were in pretty good shape.
   * Some stylist concerns.
   * Forrest will look into this a bit.

---++ RT Roundup
   * Nothing to be resolved.

---++ Showstoppers to Release?
   * PBS - day or two.
   * LSF - understood, easy and quick to fix.
   * CEMon - possible.
   * When are we content with validation?  Need to see lowering of Gridex with non-Condor job schedulers.

---++ AOB
   * Have a look at Steve's best practices proposal and the documentation table - please everyone have a look.

---++ Flagged action items:
   * John W will take CEMon stability issue offline with others and report back.
   * Need to form a advertising attributes subcommittee.
   * Will form WS-Gram testing subcommittee.
   * We need *VO's to test against the 5 highly scrubbed ITB sites" and sign off, ASAP.


---+++!! *References*
   * Summary of all RT issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/RSS/itb.rss][RSS feeds - requires no authentication]].
   * Validation testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}% 
   * Integration testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}%
   * Full RT access at BNL requires registration, which you can do by sending email to RT-RACF-UserAccounts@bnl.gov and asked to be placed in the OSG-VTB and OSG-ITB queues.

-- Main.RobGardner - 21 Feb 2007