%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985942" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, December 8, 2005.

   * Last meeting:  WorkshopFnalNov05, MinutesNov17
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

   * Kent, Doug, Bockjoo, Steve Timm, Rob, Rob, Alain, Burt, John, Greg, Stu, Neha, Xin, Eric, Mike, Chris, Shaowen, Mark


---++ Agenda

Tomorrow we will hold our usual weekly ITB meeting, focusing on following
up on the ITB 0.3.1 install, the changes now working into 0.3.2 (new  osg
configuration script which sets the local storage attributes) and plans
for 0.3.3 which would be VDT 1.3.9.   If site admins could update their
entries in the validation table and continue to check other validations of
services, see the ValidationPage, 

   * ValidationPage
   * SiteValidationTableITB031
   * AOB

---++ ITB 0.3.3

Rob Q:

   * Will use VDT 1.3.9
   * Configure GIP now coming from VDT cache
   * Changes from Marco, to local storage
   * Job-Environment package is now include

John W:

   * His installation is working
   * Configure GIP now works, but does
   * Job-Environment package is now fixed

Changes for Grid Cat - Bockjoo will migrate to the osg-attributes.conf. Timeline in order to parse the new key value pairs: Bockjoo thinks he'll need at least a month to do this, for the display?

   * SITE_READ, SITE_WRITE - how are these accessed by applications. 

   * APP and DATA directories are available, but the new locations are available yet.  Does this require a revision of the GLUE schema.  

   * Shaowen will work on publishing these via GIP. Will do some homework, and will send out email.
   
   * Anyone testing PBS? Perhaps Alan.

   * John notes there are dependencies between the environment setup scripts, and there are some places there are double quotes. 

   * Mark - notes that we shouldn't set 

   * Sites upgrading to 0.3.3

      * Steve
      * John W
      * Iowa - looking into job manager condor
      * Burt
      * UB
      * Teraport
      * Xin - having Condor problems
      * UC - starting tomorrow
      * At IU, one web and pre-web

   * VDT 1.3.9

      * New version of ML which fixed new bugs (eg. finding Condor history file); drop in VDT?
      * Agreed drop in and we'll validate it.


---++ AOB

   * What about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS and GUMS now being incompatible (the glite release)?  There are constraints from CMS policy coming in here.  Burt will organize a coordination meeting for the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo admins, to synchronize transition plans for the VOs.
   * GridEX question.  Mark is concerned that the MIS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo should not consume any batch resources, and so would not recommend GridEx go into this VO.  This explained in http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/GridEx#GEx_User_Identity.  
   * We agreed that the vo-modules should include the ivdgl VO
   * Mark notes that the operations dashboard is automatically updating on a four hour basis.
   * Alain will follow up with Rob Quick on versioning the packages in the iVDGL cache.
   * Shaowen thinks they can quickly deliver the changes in the GIP package. Can they be incorporated into VDT 1.3.9 in time? Alain would want it in place by Friday.  Burt is willing to let the VDT schedule to slip a bit to incorprate this.  John W will be testing as well. 




<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 07 Dec 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="RobGardner" date="1133961330" from="Integration.MinutesDec7" to="Integration.MinutesDec8"}%
