%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285790" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Marco, Steve Timm, Doug, Gabrielle, Horst, Michael Thomas, Robert, Anand, Rob Quick, Xin, Iwona, Alain, Arvind, Poonam
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * Campfire chats: see SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/OSG12Plan][Current Schedule]]

---++ VTB Cycle (Iwona)
   * VTB cache will be released this afternoon
   * Announcement will be sent to the vtb list
   * Meeting will occur on Tuesday in VTB timeslot

---++ Ticketing System (Suchandra)
   * Will move to footprints for this cycle
   * Will have a public interface like with goc tickets 
   * Rob Q will send information about public interface shortly 
      * Will discuss this in meeting next week
   * GOC will just provide hosting and won't handle tickets
   * If you have a login, you can select the correct project by selectin =OSG-ITB= from the dropdown in the top right corner of the footprints page
   * Tickets can be submitted through email
      * Will have more information and details at next week's ITB meeting

---++ ITB Cache 
   * ITB directory was left out when the cache was moved over, 
   * Suchandra will give a tarball with updated ITB files to Arvind
   * GOC will host new subversion cache, existing pacman cache files will be integrated with new subversion repository
  
---++ AOB
   * Rob and the GOC are fine with getting 2 days notice before a VDT release
      * Changes will occur approximately 2-4 weeks this summer
      * OSG 1.0.2 will come out moderately soon 
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 14 May 2009