%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1465334045" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Alain Roy, Doug, Xin, Horst, Karthik, Maxim, Scot, Burt, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ ITB Robot (testing) (Jose/Maxim)
   * No major changes since last meeting
   * Status documented at the [[http://www.usatlas.bnl.gov/twiki/bin/view/AtlasSoftware/PandaITB][usual location]]
   * Action items
      * According to Jose, Myproxy client is not installed yet on the FNAL ITB worker nodes and Steven Timm works with Jose on this issue.
      * R.Engel will resolve the PATH issue at CIT_LIGO (probably needs to reinstall the CE -- all other sites work!)
      * Waiting for condor installation at UW VDT site 

---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL
      * ITB site at ITB 1.1.18
      * DDM configuration problems with Panda 
         * Working with Alden and Yuri to resolve
         * No ETA on when the configuration will be fixed and ready for testing
   * FNAL
   * LBNL
   * UC_ITB
      * CE using ITB 1.1.18
      * SE using latest Bestman packages
      * Dcache 
   * VDT Site
       * No updates
       * Waiting for condor configuration
   * TTU 
       * Using ITB 1.1.18
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
       * Using ITB 1.1.18
       * Running local tests for dcache transfer tools (~ 2 weeks)
   * FNAL
   * LBNL
   * UC_ITB
      * Using VTB 0.9.7 (VDT 1.10.99) for CE
      * Dcache and Bestman at latest ITB versions
   * VDT Site
      * No changes since last week
---++ OSG 1.0.x testing
   * Sites:
      * OUHEP
      * VDT
      *  UC_ITB
   * Testing a backport of the gratia probes from OSG 1.2.8

---++ Documentation
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.DocTriageCE][CE Documentation Triage page]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.DocTriageInteg][Integ Documentation Triage page]]
   * Iwona and Suchandra will contact page owners about updates or revisions

---++ AOB
   * Alain and Scot will be send email to integration list concerning changes in the next 2 releases of OSG 1.2.x

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 18 Mar 2010