%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1281047841" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Alain, Poonam, Steve, Suchandra, Doug, Xin, Horst, Karthik, Iwona, Scot, Carlos
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * Xin out on vacation
      * SE
         * Tried to install VDT 3.0.2 release and ran into bug in script
         * Reported to Neha and waiting for fixed version
         * Will try to reinstall when Neha has a corrected version
   * FNAL
      * CE
   * LBNL
      * Upgraded all systems to latest Debian 
      * Upgraded CEs to ITB 1.1.24 and tested
         * Will check on rsv directory permissions error on myosg
      * Upgraded SE but haven't tested fully test
      * Power outage on site due to upgrade, should be up tomorrow
   * UC_ITB
      * CE 
      * SE 
   * VDT Site 
      * Site will probably be available in a few weeks after students from the grid summer school are done

---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * Updated to ITB 1.1.24, no problems
         * All published information looks good
      * SE
         * Reinstalled VDT dcache ran into problems
         * VDT dcache 3.0.3 fixed problems
   * FNAL
      * CE
         * Upgraded to ITB 1.1.24 
         * GIP issues with errors
            * Multiple CEs definitions causing problems
            * Looking into another issue there
            * Possible problem with SE reporting
      * SE 
         * Putting in hardware on monday or tuesday
   * LBNL
      * Power issues resolved
      * Resolved an issue with hardware earlier this week
   * UC_ITB
      * CE and SE stable and on ITB 1.1.24        
      * services going down over the next few days intermittently for os reinstalls
   * VDT Site 
       * Site will probably be available in a few weeks after students from the grid summer school are done

---++ ITB Testing
   * GIP Issues
      * sponsor line not adding up to 100% - OU_HEP
         * Will email Burt and Information group
      * multiple CEs pointing to the same resource -- FNAL
         * Not clear how to do this based on documentation
      * CE complaining about SE different than the one that is declared - FNAL 
         * Need to investigate
   * TTU had a question on how to advertise queues properly
      * Burt gave a one line fix
      * Solution still being finalized
  
---++ Documentation
   * [[Documentation.DocumentationTeam.ComputeElement][Compute Element Doc Status]]
   * [[Documentation.DocumentationTeam.Integration][Integration Doc Status]]
   * [[Documentation.DocumentationTeam.DocQueue][Documentation Queue]] 
   * Splitting documentation responsibilities
      * Iwona will be coordinating the Release Documentation Area 
      * Suchandra will be looking to the Integration Documentation
   * Prioritizing documentation review based on the top 50 most visited pages
   * Iwona will be contacting owners and reviewers based on this

---++ AOB
   * Discussion on ITB testing process
      * Too slow?
      * Effort levels match requirements?
      * Suggestions/comments on procedures would be appreciated
      * Pool of ITB resources for testing with hiatus every so often?
    * Next ITB release
      * xrootd 
      * already tested so minimal testing needed


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 05 Aug 2010