%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985942" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Neha, Burt,  Ted Hesselwroth, Jeff Porter, Alain, Tom, Horst, Karthik, Anand, Terrence, Xin, Stu
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ OSG Feature Requests (Suchandra)
   * Abhishek forwarded wishlists from 3 VOs (CMS, LIGO, Fermilab)
   * CMS's list:
      * Multiple CEs  for a single site
      * Alternative  to pacman for installation
      * Better logfile format for parsing
      * Better scalability
   * LIGO:
      * Better integration of WS-GRAM and Squid
   * Fermilab:
      * Want up-to-date CEMon
      * Clean up error messages to due to NMI build system (users end up confused and spend time on these)
      * Want way of advertising ws-gram in information systems
      * Want way to advertise campus specific things (nfslite, initialdir, etc) in gip without breaking interoperability 
      * Add csync to vdt for crl/ca updates
   * BNL:
      * Better fault tolerance and stability in gatekeeper
      * Better VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo accounting in Gratia
   * Advertising wall clock time and having gip advertise this -- Terrence
   * Better ways of advertising site policy in regards to how jobs get preempted
   * *Need to coordinate with VDT to coordinate with their schedule*

---++ Dcache 1.8 on FNAL ITB Site (Neha)
   * Upgrade completed yesterday
   * *Still working on a few glitches*
   * Recommend that sites don't upgrade to dcache 1.8.0
   * Release of dcache 1.8 on Dec 14 that should be tested

---++ SRM v2.2 compatibility
   * Dcache 1.8 has problems with older versions of the client 
      * new features in srm won't work in older clients (srm-ls, srm-rf)
      * older features should work
   * *Ted Hesselwroth and storage group will check along with Xin and Burt compatibility with older clients/see if existing VOs will be affected by this*
   
---++ WSGRAM testing (Jeff, Suchandra)
   * A small group testing scaling using globusrun-ws and condor-g scalability and stability
   * Comparing osg 0.6 release with current osg 0.8 release and assessing improvements and trying to derive guidance for better stability 
   * Jeff ran into problems but identified it as problems with gridftp authorizations
   * Stu Martin had a few suggestions for improvements and performance 
   * *Jeff will be rerunning things with Stu's suggestion.* 
   * *Suchandra will rerun tests tomorrow*

---++ WSGRAM stability  (Terrence)
   * Seeing container randomly crashing even with no activity
   * Error message from container, does help
   * Will run various loads on container to see if the bug can be triggered

---++ VTB Schedule (Jeff)
   * VTB cycle should be starting up soon
   * *Will try to set things up at site admins meeting to get things setup in a small meeting*
   * VDT schedule not set yet but should be available by January
      * Will have things in next release by january that should be tested
   * *VTB/ITB might be needed to test dcache release*

---++ Syslog-ng security
   * Concern over how to protect log file access
   * *Stunnel setup for encrypting connections*
      * Xin and Horst but want it 
      * No objections

---++ RSV  (Tom)
   * Probe for ReSS
      * problems when condor is on a private network 
      * Tom has a workaround but in the future *condor-devel might be replaced with condor which would solve this in the long run*
   * Configuration problems
      * XML consumer bug in RSV webpage 
      * Only affects webpage but will fix in next vdt release
      * Localtime bug but fixed in last release
 
---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * Regular meetings happening with egee counterparts
   * Webspace set up - currently restricted access but will open it up
   * *Glite tools installed on Burt's site and will report progress on permanent ITB sites*
   * Burt and Tony are in the process of getting approved for ops vo
   * Conflicting reports about submitting to ws-gram from egee to osg (from glite wms to ws-gram on osg sites)
   * EGEE has several action items regarding EGEE non-physics members getting things set up to run on osg 
   * *Burt working on a plan for sustaining longer term interoperability*
   * In the long term, need to work on storage
 
---++ AOB
   * No additional items