%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1262895564" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 


---++ Panda/ITB Framework (Jose/Maxim)
   * Documentation (carryover from previous notes): [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITBTestingFramework][general ITB Framework documentation]], [[http://www.usatlas.bnl.gov/twiki/bin/view/AtlasSoftware/PandaITB][current status of Panda/ITB integration]]
   * Automated submission to LBNL_DSD_ITB started
   * Started work on Panda/ITB monitoring pages (specifically tailored towards ITB activities)

---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL
      * Updated to the latest ITB release, working correctly
   * FNAL
      * Updated to latest ITB release, working correctly
      * Found some gotchas, reported to the ITB 
   * UC_ITB
      * Updated to latest ITB and working correctly
      * Bestman/xrootd working
   * VDT Persistent site
      * Still working on connecting CE to condor cluster
---+++ This Week

---++ ITB testing
   * Testing started Dec 15
   * Would like to complete by Christmas
   * ITB Testing Sites
      * OU_HEP
      * FNAL
      * VDT Site
      * UC_ITB
      * BNL
      * TTU
   * Open Issues / Bugs
      * Resource / resource_group changes
         * Documentation changes need to give admins advice on the best practices
         * John Weigand / Brian are discussing and will update the documentation
      * ITB 132
         * https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/itb/viewer?id=132
         * No response in regards to this 
         * Will address after OSG 1.2.5 released
      * Question on ITB frequency
         * Future updates will be done in a manner to minimize any changes needed to site (e.g. settings will not be removed from configure-osg, etc.)

---++ Open Issues / Tickets (Iwona)
    
---++ !CEMon / Gratia configuration (Suchandra)
   * There was a change in the behaviour of the services from being on by default in OSG 1.2.3 to being off by default in OSG 1.2.4
   *

---++ Default CE service status (Burt/Suchandra)
   * Should essential CE services be on by default?  
   * What constitutes a CE?

---++ Documentation Issues (Brian / Jim)
   * The conclusions from our November meeting with Suchandra & Marco:
      1 For major releases with many changes, the release documentation tree will be copied to the ITB TWiki and then modified for the new release.  When the release goes to production, this tree will become the new production tree and the old tree will be moved to the a previous release tree.  Changes that are made to improve documents that are independent of the new release will have to be made in the ITB and production TWiki.
      1 For point releases with few changes, the documentation will be modified with notes and a new document tree will not be created.
      1 For point releases with changes concentrated in a particular area, only that area will be copied to the ITB TWiki for extensive modification and then put into production as above.  (Note that the entire documentation tree will have to be preserved under the previous release number and the new release tree is formed with the previous tree with the modified area.  This will become possible after the documentation is reorganized into directories related to the architecture. %ENDCOLOR%


---++ AOB

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 07 Jan 2010