%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985942" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  Suchandra, Steve, Jeff Porter, Horst, Karthik, Rob Quick, Michael, Anand, Tanya, Roy, Parag, Gabrielle, Xin, 
   * Apologies:  Rob Gardner
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 1.0/ITB 0.8 background 
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome 
   * Site Admins Meeting (Nov 12-14) 

---++ Ongoing 1.0 bugs/issues
   * CRL Updates w/ GOC
      * In production
      * No problems reported
   * Bestman/RSV 
      * Problem with rsv test when srm is on a separate port
      * Ticket opened with arvind and goc
   * Globus 17 / 43 errors
     * Steve still seeing problems
     * Contacted Jaime Frey and Globus team
     * Problem with the GAHP server on client side (most likely seen when lots of jobs start at once)
      * Tracked by:
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS error
      * voms-proxy-init against current voms (1.8.3) will crash voms if you're not a member of the VO 
      * crasher 
   * voms-proxy-info returns error (server certificate doesn't exist)
      * causes non-zero return code and causes a failure
      * error due to change in voms-proxy-info (more strict checking)
      * workarounds:
         * use --dont-verify-ac
         * vdt version only can has an environment variable
      * might not be an issue in newer voms distributions  

---++ Globus Patches and Testing
   * Globus ws-gram patches (configuration changes for performance)
      * Alain would like some testing on ITB for new globus patches
      * Need to run a few new jobs 
      * Creating a new cache for this
      * Alain will come back with a formal proposal for testing 
   * GT2 updates 
      * SEG generator testing
      * 

---++ Status of Persistent ITB
   * UC_ITB -- Suchandra
      *  Installed latest OSG release
      * Up and running
   * FNAL -- Steve 
       * Current site up
       * Bringing up new hardware and gatekeeper
   * BNL -- Xin 
       * Gatekeeper up and running 
       * Updated to latest release
       * Have dcache running and just brought up bestman/xrootd 
   * LBNL -- Jeff 
      * Curently down for updates and hardware updates
      * Will be back up sometime next week

---++ Testing
   * Privilege Authorization (Gabrielle)
      * Working on timelines for testing and tasks for testing
      * Testing will be done with globus testing
   * Dcache testng
      * Will have a new release in late nov. 
      * New authorization changes
      * New pool code
      * *Suchandra will coordinate volunteers*
      * BNL will help if bestman/xrootd testing doesn't overlap
      * UC_ITB will test
   * Bestman / Xrootd
       *  Looking for bestman/xrootd testing volunteers 
       * Testing will need at least 2 but preferably 4 machines
       * Current testers:
          * Horst is testing the bestman gateway at OU
          * LBL is willing to do test
          * BNL will be testing as well 
   * CEMon plugin for MPI (Parag)
       * Testing new mpi advertising for cemon plugin
       * Will affect classads being advertised in ReSS
       * Will combine test plans with Alain
       * Currently being tested at Purdue
       * LBL / NERSC is interested in testing
   * There will be some coordination in order to test as much as possible in as few test cycles as possible 

---++ Action Items -- old and new
   * Documentation Updates 
      * Cert request script updates (Jeff) -- document up to date
      * CA Configuration changes (Jeff)  -- okay as is

---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 29 Oct 2008