%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285790" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Poonam, Doug, John, Michael Thomas, Rob Quick, Robert Engel, Anand, Iwona, Karthik, Robert Gardner, Keith, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * Campfire chats: see SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/OSG12Plan][Current Schedule]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB110Documentation][ITB documentation and notes]]

---++ ITB testing (Admins)
   * LBNL (Iwona, Keith)
     * Working on validating rsv probes 
     * Dzero ran into problems, waiting for DZero response
     * Engage gave a green light
   * CIT_CMS_T2 (Michael Thomas)
      * CE installed, ran into issues with local batch system
          * Need to correct this before doing any validation
   * TTU (Poonam)
      * Doing RSV validation / ran into issues
      * Checking gratia and vo access
   * UC_ITB (Suchandra)
      * Bestman/xrootd installation is up and running 
          * running validations and will check lbl tester tomorrow tomorrow
      * 
   * OU_HEP (Horst, Karthik)
      * DOSAR has a green light
      * SRM tests against bestman gateway worked 
      * Will go through Bestman SE validation
   * LIGO_CIT
      * Installed ce/gums
      * ran initial testing against ce
      * will test bestman installation tomorrow
      * ready for vo validation

---++ VO Validation
    * STAR 
       * Will run tests against sites running bestman within the next week
       * Aware of the close of testing on Jul 23
    * 

---++ Documentation

---++ Bug review and open issues (Suchandra)
   * Footprints (current)
      * 106 exception when running configure-osg
         * will be fixed in next itb update
      * 105 rsv validator bug
         * Will check after update tomorrow
      * 77 configure-osg problem - rsv host defaults
         * In progress 
      * 104 ITB cache configure_rsv:: no osg-rsv/config/rsv-gratia.info file
         * Will check after update tomorrow
      * 102 ITB RSV probes
         * voms-handshake-verify-probe should be corrected when update occurs
      * 103 Condor gratia probe misconfigured in vdt 2.0.0
         * Being worked on, fix should come in next week
      * 73 No default set for rsv-nagios conf file
         * Michael will check this after itb install
      * 70 RSV probes not working
         * Waiting for Poonam 
      * 71 Bestman requires host certs to be preinstalled
         *  Corrected / needs verification from Michael
      * 89 rsv-nagios.conf missing
         *  Needs verification
      * 98 RSV Probe test
         *  Corrected / Needs verification
      * 99 edg-mkgridmap missing
         *  Corrected / Needs verification

   * Footprints (deferred) 
      * 68 configure managedfork to use a separate condor other than the system one
         * Alain and Xin looking at this
      * 44 GIP/configure-osg changing VO names in their code
         * Long-term issue
      * 43 GUMS 1.3.n - UI hangs when database is inaccessible
         * Long-term issue
      * 45 VOMS Admin UI problem with dot in subject
         * Long-term issue
      * 80 config.ini validation for GIP
         * =Install Locations= section will be removed, deferred until after 1.2 release
      * 101 GIP validation page: no clue when BDII down
         * Being review by GOC
      * 78 hard-wired values for ReSS and BDII servers
         * Long-term issue
      * 65 sudo user in sudo-example.txt
         * In progress
      * 51 Documenation issues
         * Needs verification
      * 55 GUMS add admin DN
         * Long-term issue
      * 56 Howto convert gums.config from OSG-1.0.1 to ITB-1.1.0
         * Long-term issue
      * 59 shutdown of tomcat-55
         * Long-term issue
      * 90 test-rsv-probes-by-hand missing
         * Keith or Iwona will correct this

---++ Documentation (Rob Gardner) 
   * Have 2 weeks to review documentation
   * Sent an email in regards to documentation
   * Would like to get as many people as possible to review documentation
   * Rob Gardner is going through and flagging pages that needs updates
       * Volunteers are being accepted
       * Will also ask people to review pages
   * Will be using review status page to coordinate review 
       * This is in conjunction to opening tickets for documentation issues
   * Suchandra will adapt some existing materials to create a "cheat sheet" for experienced admins to use during installation

---++ AOB   
   * Meeting next tuesday @ 4 central 
   * Iwona will ask people for updates on service validation during itb cycle
   * When ITB BDII server is up, admins should do service validations on this
   * ITB cache update tomorrow

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 09 Jul 2009
