%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047999" format="1.1" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, April 12, 2007
   * Last week: MinutesApr5;  Tuesday's meeting: MinutesApr10.
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Rob, Alan, David, Stu, Martin, Burt, Rob, John R, John W, Horst, Suchandra, Jeff,  Steve T, Brian, Shaowen, Anand, Michael(LTU) , Alain, Chris
   * Apologies: none

---++ Syslog-ng
   * See SysLogNg and http://twiki.mwt2.org/bin/view/Logging/SyslogInstall as an example.  Suchandra will be providing recommendations for the VTB, and will setup a central VTB logging service for monitoring and debugging.
   * Issues identify:
      * Running tail | logger reliably
      * Converting files to unified format
      * Configuration of central host (disk space?)
      * Information already going to syslog
      * Need to rotate, or otherwise handle log files at collection point. (Brian mentioned a database once, I think.)
      * Need to be crystal clear about how we handle syslog-ng next to syslog, and how people can switch to just syslog-ng if they prefer.
   * Can we run this by the troubleshooting team as requirements?
   * Shaowen - generally interested in learning what the capabilities are; already have lots of experience working with individual sites, collecting their logfiles.
   * What about security issues - what if someone types in a password as a user name?
   * Spunk can be used as viewing application - used at Fermilab for its gatekeeper.
   * One main issue is reliably collecting the information.
   * Need a version of =logger= that could do this.
   * Goal would be to have an instrumented VTB with syslog-ng, using a common recipe, collecting WS gram and gridftp logs.  What about Gratia logfiles? 
   * Chris: Gratia logs are in gratia/var/log.  This should be addressed at some point, eg., in troubleshooting.
   * Brian: they are planning to configure a sql database loader, but this isn't provided yet. 

---++ WS Gram updates
   * See WSGramValidation060 - the Tuesday's meeting notes - several tests on-going (Jeff, Martin, Suchandra, Ravi).  Review new results today.
   * Jeff - from the last meeting, examining scaling behavior and causing the service to fail at both LIGO and UC ITB sites.   Work on reproducing on other sites, eg. UN.  Just got this working this AM with Martin.  Ready to start testing, no results yet.  Martin was to run on CIT and UC.  
   * Martin - ran into problems running on UC. Suchandra notes that the Globus container crashed.  Security issue? Will follow-up with Suchandra.  Not authorized on the CIT site.  Will contact David Meyers.
   * Stu: question about fork versus managed-fork; perhaps this is a problem?  Not used uniformly at all sites.  Questions about firewalls - is there a general infrastructure in OSG for this, regarding port ranges, etc.  Need to put this into the documentation some place. Here is what we currently have: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CEInstallGuide#Firewalls.  Note that there may be firewall restrictions on the client.
   * Should we have a separate tool to do a firewall test, generate a report, etc? 
   * Have three clients, three targets.
   * David's tests: has summary of tests WsGramOsgSites; will submit to TTU production resource.

---++ OSG Attributes report
   * See page AttributesSubcommittee - the meeting on Tuesday discussed the current status - which is nearly complete.
   * Anand: critical attributes have been defined with user input from the community.  Move forward to Glue 1.3 for subcluster attributes, eg.
   * Estimated time to execution - it will published for interoperablity purposes as 0; plugins for Condor and PBS would be handled by this. Not easily guessed, could make it better.
   * Storage testing in terms of attributes - John R is parsing discussions from this week - will clarify - announce to osg-storage and osg-int.

---++ AOB
   * Next week follow-up on storage attribute testing (John R);  David will be chairing.
   * VTB timeslot next week will be devoted soley to WS Gram testing.

-- Main.RobGardner - 09 Apr 2007