%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1171405642" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---++Introduction
Minutes of Integration meeting focusing on final details for ITB 0.5.2
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 3:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Rob, Suchandra, Rob Q, John R, Tanya, Alain, Jeff, David, John W

---++ Agenda
   * Results, summary of any issues from VTB installs of VDT 1.6.1a
   * Final prep of VDT and ITB caches
   * ITB update instructions

---++ VDT 1.6.1
   * Cache offline, in the process of putting all changes in.
   * Basic checks working, update process under study by Tim.

---++ ITB status and update instructions
   * Configure-osg changes are in, but what about the update procedure? Worries about preserving the osg-attributes file.
   * Rob thinks he has a solution for this - will look into tonight.
   * Suchandra notes there is a change for CEMon configuration - to make the right subscriptions.
   * Agreed we will need to define a single update recipe.  Rob Q will kick this off.
   * Sites to test tomorrow morning: Rob Q, Suchandra's, David; send machine name to Alain.

---++ CEMon
   * Both problems fixed - memory leak and ldiff information for bdii.

---++ Gratia
   * No known problems, but not well tested.

---++ WS Gram testing
   * No updates - Jeff will send info later today.

---++ SRM dCache 
   * Work continues on Suchandra's ITB site.
   * dccp working, but not yet srm/gridftp doors.
   * David notes that ligo will use srm both inside (from compute elements) and outside the cluster.  Also would like a production-scale SE to develop against in the ITB.

---++ VORS/gridscan
   * John working on srm testing.


-- Main.RobGardner - 12 Feb 2007