%META:TOPICINFO{author="JeffPorter" date="1194912369" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Jeff, !RobG, Suchandra, Charles, Alain, Rob, Charles
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes

---++ Known problems in current ITB 0.7.1/VDT 1.8.1 releases (grid/software)
First, are there any known problems with the software or any services that are pending or otherwise not being addressed?
   * Bug in Gridftp reported by EGEE, and a change in the Grid monitor - a small change in Globus will have significant performance improvement. 
   * Two weeks for these changes, but these can be handled with updates. (Alain)
 
---++ WS Gram deployment
   * There are gaps in documentation that could lead to more work for admins.  
   * Could the configure-osg could be changed? Concerns about manual modifications to the sudoers file.  
   * There is the SGE job manager needs to handle log-rotation (Jeff is working on this).
   * Is the OSG-Client WS-Gram ready, and for which nodes?  (Concerns over Gridftp server required.  This is taken care-of if the submission is done via Condor-G, but otherwise the user must install a private Gridftp server, or use an existing server.  *This is undocumented, it will create confusion and will slow the process of WS-gram migration by users and VO application framework developers.*)
   * Can we get a VO to walk through the process?  Jeff mentions that Star may be interested.  
   * *Jeff will take the lead with Star, and will liaison with Charles B*
   * *Suchandra will take the lead with LIGO, and will liaison with Charles B*
   * In addition, we agreed it would be worthwhile to do a *modicum of scalability testing* of WS-gram services as-deployed in the ITB.  This could be done by dusting off the toolsets developed during WSGramValidation060.  *Jeff and Charles B will look into reproducing these tests.*


---++ Information services
Have all information service issues (aggregator, bdii) been addressed?
   * Rob Q reports we're in the clear here.
   * Have implemented monitoring of critical services for BDII

---++ VO validation
VO validation seems to be winding down - have we addressed all issues uncovered?
   * *Rob and/or Suchandra needs to follow-up with Abhishek.*

---++ VORS validation 
   * *Rob Q will clean-up sites not participating in the ITB - for example the PSU and the site from taiwan.*

---++ BDII user validation
   * lcg-info-sites is available as tool for users to query site attributes in the BDII
   * Add to client validation page (*Jeff will check this out during client validation, see below.*)


---++ Critical site attributes
We need to consider once again the issue of critical site attributes - and
assign someone from our team to follow-up with the relevant parties
(Anand or Will, GOC) to review those attributes deemed critical for
reliable operations, including storage elements.  
   * Q: do all our ITB properly report the critical attributes for SE and CE?
   * *We need to reconvene the small team to review critical site attributes, establish a process for responding to errors, and check the documentation table for accuracy*.
   * Closely related to this is the effort on !ReSS validity

---++ Validation of client tools - thinly documented
   * Jeff had worked on this, but is not clear about what users will want.
   * *Rob will help Jeff with a list of tools to document for validation and users, including wn-client.*

---++ Gums upgrade issue
   * Need to check the mechanism for Gums upgrade to v1.2 automatically
   * Is the GIP probe working?
   * *We need to find an ITB site to work through this, closely consulting with Gabriele.*

---++ Syslog-ng
   * Syslog-ng - are all sites reporting?  are php views useful?   
   * What to do for OSG 0.8 deployment? *Keep as an optional install.*

---++ Squid
   * Need someone to follow-up with Karthik and Dave Dykstra?  
   * *Suchandra will repeat their validation at UC_ITB*

---++ glexec
   * As shipped from VDT, the software component works (Alain)
   * It needs to be installed on each worker node
   * *May need additional documentation*

---++ Documentation
   * Meetings w/ Anne to get the "hub" and "table" on track.
   * *Rob will propose modifications to the doc hub layout and doc management approach.*
   * Alain, Suchandra and Rob agree a focused doc-fest meeting is in order.  *Rob to organize a doc-fest meeting*.
  

---++ AOB
   * Charles Huang is leaving the group effective this Friday, and so is ramping down integration activities at CIT.    A hearty thanks to Charles for his efforts and time on the project!
   * Need to redfine the lightning talk for the sites coord meeting, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_Talk. (Alain)


-- Main.RobGardner - 09 Oct 2007