%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444159" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Michael Thomas, Steve Timm, Burt, Abhishek, Jeff Porter, Rob Gardner, Anand, Britta, Alain, Xin, Anand, Horst, Karthik, Arvind
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Site Reports
   * FNAL_ITB
      * Functionality tested, no problems so far
      * Not much activity
      * SE up and available
   * BNL_ITB
      * Ready, working on dynamic dcache providers
      * Syslog-ng validation 
      * RSV SE probes working
   * UC_ITB
      * RSV being set up
      * GUMS/Squid being updated this afternoon
   * OU_HEP_ITB
      * Updated to 0.9.0a 
      * Up and running 
      * Ran into syslog-ng problem and edg-mk-gridfile 
   * CIT_CMS_T2 
      * BDII, Gratia problems
      * Problem with RSV apache setup (configure-osg.py problem)
      * Using GLExec from 0.8.0
   * BNL_ITB
       * Persistent site up and running with VO validations 
       * Using new GIP code successfully
       * Have SRM/Bestman running (in storage details table)
   * CIGI_ITB
       * Site updated 
       * Problems with configure_gratia / configure-osg.py
       * Resolved gip configuration problems (resolved after working Tony)
   * VDT 1.10.1 will be released next week:
      * Sites will need to do a clean install
      * Both fermilab and lbnl srm clients will be included but binaries have different names (e.g. srm-cp/srm-copy)
      * Sites that will updating:
         * FNAL
         * BNL
         * UC
         * CIT_CMS_T2
         * LBNL 
         * CIGI_ITB

---++ Site Validation Table (Jeff)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ITB090/SiteValidationTable][Validation Table]]
   * VO validation is dependent on cemon fixes
   * Tools/instructions on verifying site attributes will be added to the validation instructions (e.g. using lcg utilities to check bdii information)
   * Charles is working on site level gratia documentation / testing
 
   
---++ Bugs / Action Items
   * CEMon 
      * Update in testing with VDT 
      * Will be fixed before osg 1.0
  * Dcache update going out next week (possibly this week)
  * Gratia
  

---++ VO Validation (Abhishek)
   * Engage/nanoHub responded 
      * nanoHub may revisit validation
   * Validation in progress:
      * LIGO
      * !DZero
      * ATLAS
   * CDF, CIGI, SDSS, DES waiting for opportunistic storage 
      * BNL / UC_ITB have opportunistic storage available
      * Ted has script that tests opportunistic storage
      * Linked off Storage group wiki page
   * Will follow up with CMS, STAR, Combiogrid and !SBGrid

---++ AOB
   * Flow in documentation in full-authorization /configuration jumps around ( *Steve will revise twiki* )
   
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 24 Apr 2008