%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1181853196" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, June 14, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesJun7;  Tuesday's VTB meeting: MinutesVTBJun12
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees: Suchandra, Rob, Arvind, Anand, Jeff, Doug, Horst, Karthik, John R, Anne, Alain
   * Apologies: none

---++ Directions for OSG 0.8 documentation (Anne)

---+++ Pre-meeting questions/notes from Anne:
Feedback on "streamlined" draft of CE install guide (none so far)
   * find it at Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE in twiki
   * New edu coordinator, Alina Bejan, will test it (Florida will create grid school for sysadmins, maybe can use it)
   * If/when this gets reviewed and polished a bit, and if it's useful, how to merge it with "real" doc?
   * What direction should I take it from here?  Generalize to other job managers? Bring in gratia install info (remove ML)? Describe setup of gridmap file (instead of privilege)?
   * What role should I play in documentation provisioning as we come up to 0.8.0? (I cannot devote a lot of time, but want to help coordinate)

---+++ Notes during meeting
   * Streamlined draft of the CE install guide, which was developed in response to remarks about CE install guide unwieldiness.
   * New education coordinator - will test it out.
   * Paul Avery is working on putting together information for sys admins.
   * Will Forrest be participating in this?
   * Action item for Rob G: setup documentation meeting to get this effort in synch with the OSG 0.8 documentation cycle.

---++ VTB status (Suchandra)
   * VDT 1.7.0
   * Syslog-ng is pretty much complete - may have some changes depending on what the security group comes up with.
   * Doing another install on uct3-edge6.
   * Gratia-SGE component was missing in the earlier vtb package set - will follow-up with Alain.
   * Sites: uct3-edge6, osp1.lbl.gov and osp-vtb0.nersc.gov, iub-vtb, John Weigand's nightly tester.
   * Need another cycle for VDT 1.7.1.  
      * Note that Alain expects upheaval in the next week or so, eg. 4.0.5.  New gums not quite there yet, as well as voms.
      * Can also do targeted, focused tests.
 
---++ WS Gram testing (Jeff)
   * We're testing a new version of globus setup on edge5 - its the only one with the specific changes going into the next release of globus.
   * There have been some hiccups - but 600 jobs has been achieved.  
   * There is a new problem with the edge5 - not getting results back - when the remote initial dir parameter is specified.  Not clear if its Condor-g or Gram.  Need to keep Jamie Frey in the loop. 

---++ GIP validation (Anand)
   * http://gip-validate.grid.iu.edu/
   * Eric is going to make a critical attributes-only page.  Sounds like a week or two.  Not easily outsourced.
   * First priority is a GIP release (glue 1.3) for the next VDT (expect by end of day).  Has been tested on the VTB BDII. There are also some issues from the storage discussion.  Will do a targeted testing. 
   * There is a lot of discussion about storage attributes - a potentially minimal set has been identified - for g-u-c and srmcp, and conventions.  Trying to achieve a consistency.  Not yet relevant for OSG 0.6.0, we may need to back patch if necessary.  

---++ Site availability and validation (Arvind)
   * Progress on individual scripts.
   * Condor-cron packaging is complete.
   * Meeting with LCG about how we are collecting data.
   * On agenda to write into syslog-ng files, and working on a Gratia probe.
   * Follow-up on this in two weeks.

---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.RobGardner - 13 Jun 2007
