%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285000" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, January 4, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesDec21
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending
   * Alan Sill, Jeff, Rob, Suchandra, Ann Heavey, Michael T., Rob Q, Kyle, John R, Forrest C., John W, Steve T., David@ligo, Alain, Karthik, Shaowen, Burt
   * Apologies: none

---++ OSG Newsletter
   * Anne Heavey: _The communications group is interested in finding out how OSG members use the newsletter, what they want to see in it, and how best to disseminate info from the activities and tech groups to the rest of the consortium._
   * Taking over from Katie in communication role.
   * We are reevaluating the monthly newsletter for OSG.  Attending each of the meetings to see what people's expectations are.
   * Would like to collect newsworthy items, eg, from the integration, such as announcement of a new ITB release candidate or a new service appearing in the ITB.
   * Current format: 
      * from the director
      * feature article
      * member profile
      * meetings and events
      * add a technical section, or a tutorial corner?
      * more information from the ET
   * osg-news-request mailing list, or perhaps a tag or RSS feed added to an item.  Anne may also send a reminder email a week before an OSG newsletter issue asking for updates.

---++ CEMon+BDII update
   * John R giving an overview of work started by Leigh.  A CEMon collection service at the GOC takes ldiff files from sites and gives them to a central OSG BDII server.
   * More detail from Alain:
      * CEMon every 5 minutes runs a GIP script and creates an output file (ldiff).
      * CEMon also sends a Class Ad output to a server at fermilab.
      * Proposal would be to have 2 subscriptions setup by default, one sending class ad  to fnal, and the other hte ldiff file to the CEMon collection service running at the GOC.
      * Right now there isn't a second subscription being created.
   * Note that CEMon pushes its info out; its is not queried.
   * The Class Ad-based RSS is manged by Steve T and is being provided by fnal as a general service to OSG.
   * More about the CEMon collector at GOC from John R:
      * It receives its info, writes files which are consumed by BDII every minute or so.
      * Q: what to do about site which fails to report for a while, how to mark stale data?
      * Burt reports that the BDII system by default will not report information if the site goes away, which can lead to instabilities.
      * A related question from Rob is how much info in the GIP are static, how much is dynamic. Anand: 90:10 roughly, but the information comes all together in a single file, so its all or nothing.
      * Agreed that some time-limit needs to be in place mark files as stale (and not report to BDII) if a CEMon service at a site stops reporting.
   * Remaining things to be done:
      * John needs to clone and build the CEMon collector service using the code written by Leigh.
      * John will create an ITB instance for this service.
      * John will put in a mechanism to flag stale information using a suitably chosen expiration time (eg. 4 hours).
      * Add the setup for the BDII subscription to the initial installation from VDT: Alain
   * Important *aside:*  GRIS - will be *removed* from the CE definition.  Recommendation is to NOT have this run by default since there are no longer any consumers depending on this service.

---++ Follow-up: Gratia
   * David Meyers - we discussed testing this at the last meeting.  5 sites have it installed.
   * No news since last meeting.
   * News update from Philip: a new release of the probe to address the performance is nearly complete, today or tomorrow.  Will send to VDT in a couple of days.
      * Also, need to avoid use of a .pm for old files (eg. if you're replacing condor.pm with a patched version).
   * For this release, the reporter should not be installed on the CE by default, but of course the probes should be installed.
   * Three probes are supported (condor, pbs, lsf).  sge is also being worked on at lbl.
   * A dCache probe is in the making.

---++ Follow-up: Squid
   * Steve T reports memory problems on the installed squid from VDT.
   * Need more tests of squid.

---++ OSG configuration scripts
   * Suchandra reports that a lot of the squid and configure gip stuff has gone into the VTB cache today.
   * Configuration questions
      * A CE host does not necessarily have an associated SE, but the current configuration script requires it.   (We get into a discussion of $DATA, $SITE_READ, etc.)
   * Need a review of the configure-osg script, and make sure everything works okay, terminology is understood, etc.
   * What to do about lowercase VO names?  Have we got all inconsistencies resolved in the osg-supported-vo's file?  There are two scripts in the VDT that create this file. *This is new, will need to be documented in CE install guide.*

---++ State of VDT and ITB Schedules
   * Next few days will consist of further VTB testing (GIP, Gratia, Squid, configuration).
   * Result of this process will go into VDT 1.6.1 next week.
   * ITB package infrastructure is being setup now.
   * Perhaps by next week, 1/11/07, we have a preliminary ITB 0.5.2 candidate.

---++ Open RT issues
   * [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][Active ITB issues]]
   * The meeting ran very long, we did not review these.  Rob will follow-up.

---++Any Other Business
   * Next ITB Meeting: January 11, 2007 (Thursday)

-- Main.RobGardner - 03 Jan 2007