%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026221" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, March 15, 2007
   * Last week: MinutesMar1;  Tuesday's attributes meeting: MinutesAttributesMar13; Monday's Gram testing meeting: MinutesWSGramMar12
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1111

---++ Attending
   * Jeff, Horst, Kathik, Rob, Anand, Suchandra, Michael, Stu, Brian, Rob, David, Burt, Gabriele, Xin, John R, Ted
   * Apologies: none

---++ WS Gram testing status (Jeff, Suchandra)
   * See notes from Monday's meeting: MinutesWSGramMar12
   * Jeff is doing Condor-G testing through both gt2 and gt4 on David's CIT site.
   * Suchandra's testing
      * See https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/WSGramTesting
      * Submitting jobs at 1 second intervals
      * Increasing memory to 1G; turn off prima callout; changing the persistent dir helped.
      * Still finding Globus container dying after 10 minutes, after 200 jobs; subsequent jobs failed. See logfiles posted in the URL above.
      * Will post the simple test script on the web.
      * Stu - reference the Nebraska cluster to duplicate tests.  See posted container log.
   * David Meyers also working on WS gram submission with nanohype validation suite.
   * Stu - very interested in getting some Condor-G results.

---++ Preparations for OSG 0.8
   * Comments from OSG-ITB regarding Alain's VDT plan, see [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/documents/PossibleVDTGoalsForOSG0.8.0.pdf][here]]
   * Discussed in today's VDT office hours.
   * Especially we need to make sure GIP related updates get in (Steve, Gabriele).  Steve will circulate a list of joint issues.
   * OSG 0.4.1 attributes are still supported, and they worked with interoperability already, so should be good for 0.6.
   * Xin: storage srm 2.2; need to invite Ted (convening storage group) to integration meeting.  US ATLAS to be involved.
   * David: request to move VDT to Java 1.5. Will follow up with Alain.

---++ VTB and Syslog-ng
   * Discussion of a VTB deployment monitoring a la syslog-ng.
   * Readiness plan - SysLogNg
   * Timestamps, zones, log rotation, etc.
   * Central repository per site.  Within a site probably doesn't have to be encrypted.
   * Easy to deploy, config files.
   * Security - may want *not* want to encrypt.  For 0.8 release.
   * Lets start with a simple install on a single host, and collect ws-gram logging info.
   * Brian will circulate a survey to osg-int, to get feedback from site-admins,  sensibilities, concerns. 

---++ Other
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Troubleshooting/StorageElementBestPractices#Best_Practices_of_Using_a_Storag
   * Ted joined the meeting - will discuss OSG storage in detail at a future meeting.

-- Main.RobGardner - 13 Mar 2007