%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1189693349" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1122
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes

---++ ITB 0.7.0 background
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.WebHome
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.SiteValidationTable   <--- Please update w/ latest


---++ VO Validation (Jeff, Charles, Abhishek)
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.SiteValidationTable#VO_Site_Validation_Table

---++ WS Gram problems
   * Xin apparently is still having problems
   * Neha apparently solved the problems she has encountered but we should verify this and make sure the patches to condor-g that fix this are going into vdt 1.8.1

---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * (last week) *Burt's site and Purdue are the only sites currently reporting correctly. Sites should apply patch and new patch should be applied and configure_gip should be rerun.*  Has this happened?

---++ Other problems
   * VOMS file
      * Host DN for LIGO had extra characters and need to be fixed
      * *Charles will follow up with Rob Quick to get this updated*


---++ Site Status Reports (Site Admins)
   * BNL
   * FNAL 
   * UC
   * CIT ITB
   * CIT LIGO
   * TTU 
   * UCSD 


---++ AOB
   * glexec testing
   * squid testing

-- Main.RobGardner - 13 Sep 2007
