%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1174422804" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attending: Rob, Suchandra, Steven Timm, Anand, Shaowen, John Urich, Xin, Horst, Karthik, David, 
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, March 20, 2007; 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #2222
   * Previous meeting, MinutesAttributesMar13


---++ Attributes review document
   * Anand: I have put together pages containing all attributes being published by OSG-GIP as was agreed upon at the attributes meeting last Tuesday. https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/GIPAttributes The page also reflects my understanding their current status. I also have added a comments column, where people can add comments. Please feel free to update the and let me know if you need any extra information there.
   
---++ Notes
   * 

---++ References
   * SE best practices, https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Troubleshooting/StorageElementBestPractices
   * John R: storage element ambiguities, http://dev2-scan.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/show_results?grid=2
   * http://glueschema.forge.cnaf.infn.it/



-- Main.RobGardner - 19 Mar 2007

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="RobGardner" date="1174335352" from="Integration.MinutesAttributesMar19" to="Integration.MinutesAttributesMar20"}%
