%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1465334045" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Anand, Horst, Karthik, Xin, Carlos, Alain, Steve, Iwona, Poonam, Robert Engel
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * Upgraded to 1.1.23, no issues in testing so far
      * SE
   * FNAL
      * Currently on 1.1.22, will upgrade this afternoon
   * LBNL
      * Upgrading to 1.1.23 using vdt-updater script, will have results    
   * UC_ITB
      * Upgraded to ITB CE 1.1.23
      * Gums and bestman/xrootd also upgraded to ITB 1.1.23
   * VDT Site 
      * Being brought up for osg summer school
      * Won't be available for ITB testing until late July
---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * No changes since last week
      * SE
         * dCache reinstalled and verified
         * Using ITB release with chimera
   * FNAL
      * Upgrading rest of gatekeepers to ITB 1.1.23
      * About a week before SE is back up 
      * Will install ITB dcache release with chimera
   * LBNL
      * Instaled ITB 1.1.23 and tested
      * No problems encountered
   * UC_ITB
      * On ITB 1.1.23
      * Upgrading dcache to latest itb release tomorrow
   * VDT Site 
      * Won't be available until July

---++ ITB testing and upcoming changes
   * Updated RSV probes sent to VDT 
      * Might have another release based on discussion of ca cert handling processes
   * Updates
      * RSV update 
         * Prefer to delay update until after rsv-control is ready to be incorporated into vdt release
      * xrootd 
         * Added gratia probes
         * New configuration for atlas tier3
         * Probably ready for testing next week
         * Possibly need a new LFC server and client
      * Misc. update
         * Lots of little changes 
         * Not quite ready
      * SE publishing update
         * In progress  

---++ Documentation
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.ComputeElement][Compute Element Doc Status]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.Integration][Integration Doc Status]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.DocQueue][Documentation Queue]] 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ComputeElementFirewalls][Firewalls page]]
      * Horst will make some changes to page
      * Robert will review page 
      * Iwona has agreed to test the page
      * Will review page next week
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.MonALISA][MonaLisa]] 
      * Removed from content management
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.EdgMkgridmapTroubleshootingGuide][Edg-mkgridmap troubleshooting]]
      * Iwona will edit 
      * Will review page next week
   

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 01 Jul 2010