%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1198185849" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Burt, Alain Roy, Horst, Karthik, Anand, Arvind, Rob, Tom, RobQ, Tim, 
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Action Items from Site Admins Meeting 
   * RSV probes test
      * In the middle of feedback, but will add this and contact Chris Green
      * ClassAds test already in RSV 
      * RSV 2.0 project will be given to ITB after it's been finalized -- no timeframe yet but probably sometime in January
   * Email notification signing
      * Currently under discussion
   * RSV diagnostics link
      * Messages are currently the globus messages, probably won't be in version 2.0 
      * error message in rsv files will be linked in log or rsv output
      * most probable causes of errors should probably be given in output or rsv
      * Twiki page to list errors 
      * Arvind and/or Tom will contact Charles Bacon with feedback on globus error messages
   * Keeping jobs during upgrade
      * *Need to figure out where to do it and what to preserve*
   * Speed up configure-osg/rework it
      * Will be in alpha/beta testing next week, Suchandra will announce it then 
   * Gratia wish list items
      * *Ruth contacted gratia team this morning*
   * RSV/nagios wrappers   
      * In project plan, contact made with author (Tomas?)
      * Meeting tomorrow to discuss this
      * One of several related, overlapping issues dealing with access to rsv information
      * Related to publishing rsv information to local nagios console as well as wlcg monitoring
      * Discussions underway in regards to what and how to publish information and availability
      * VOs (e.g. ATLAS) depending on availability information (want to know and be able to review this before information is reported internationally)
      * RSV will inform itb, sites, and general lists in regards to availability mechanisms
   * No action yet on Facility metrics planning
   * Mail on action items sent out to osg-sites list

---++ Dcache/Storage release efforts (Ted)
   * Discussion on this morning
   * Separate meeting on will be scheduled to determine efforts needed and schedule 

---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * Webspace up on CERN
   * Work continuing although effort is slowed due to holidays
   * General objective to certify gLite release by Jan 23rd. 

---++ gLite Client Tools (Burt)
   * Request for LCG gLite tools to be included into osg release
   * Need to talk to Alain about effort requirements needed to incorporate them
   * Might require a lot of work to build them
   * Alain will contact and talk to Ted in January
 
---++ AOB
   * No meeting next week
