%META:TOPICINFO{author="ShreyasCholia" date="1197572046" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <nop> Site Administrators Meeting - December 12, 2007
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * See http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1344

---++ Welcome (Rob Gardner)

Minute/action lines are prefaced by the initials of the person who mentioned them (when known).

Action items are prefaced by AI for Action Item and postfaced by the name/initials of the person
responsible (in parenthesis).

---++ Facility Metrics  (Tod Tannenbaum)

Ranking Sites:  Need to make sure metrics applied are fair.  Not simplistic.

Alain Roy: Do people object to site rankings?

Kent Blackburn: Without knowing what is being ranked I cannot say if I agree.

Michael Thomas: CMS does this but from the perspective of sites meeting/passing a milestone, not comparing between sites

Kent Blackburn: The mention of the word 'publish' is when people start to question this.

*AI*: (Rob Gardner) Form a small group with Todd on facility metrics.  Need a proposal for the metrics. 
What is planned.  Allow for comments.  Need VO representation. Will include Tom Rockwell, 
Shreyas, Brian B., Rob Q. (Rob Gardner)

---++ Report from the OSG Users Group - Chris Green (FNAL)

%Y% *AI*: remove gridex from list of VOs to support at all sites (Chris Green)

*AI*: Alain Roy will talk further with Chris to discuss the subject of tests. Could some of the tests be able
to be used by site admins themselves.  this should be an RSV probe,(Alain Roy, Chris Green)

Rob Gardner: Are channels between users and site admins working? What should the process be?

Chris Green: Ideally Vo Support Center talks to GOC who talks to Site. And in the remote direction too.

---++ Status of OSG 0.8 Deployments - Rob Quick (Indiana University)

Rob Quick: Was anyone aware of the campaign?

*AI*: The campaign needs to be in bigger letters. (not all aware of it) (concensus) (Anne Heavey)

%Y% *AI*: Put campaign notice in with the release in the install guides.  (Alain Roy) 

Kent Blackburn: Interprets the wording for the campaign as saying OSG install is hard, wait for awhile.

*AI*: Reword campaign announcement to not be interpreted as Kent comments. (Anne Heavey)

%Y% *AI*: Installation of 0.8.0 breaks with SGE. Know what is wrong.  Canwork around.

*AI*: Need to fix documentation of 1.1, and issues being looked into for 1.2 (GUMS) (Gabriele Garzoglio)

*AI*: Need to think about signing emails from the notification tool (Rob Quick)

Tom Rockwell: What is the response time for security incidents for a reactionfrom a site?

Rob Quick: 3-4 hours.

Tom Rockwell: This may not be doable.  Not a 24x7 staff.  Need automation.

*AI*: (Chris Green) Get the RSS feed, but sometimes get every item being duplicated (even old ones) and thus lots of emails. (Rob Quick)

Michael Thomas: When a new VO appears need to invoke a command I do not want to use. Would feel
  much more comfortable with a single command.

Would like an email when a new VO joins so do not have to read all the items. 

*AI*: (Rob Gardner) Send emails to OSG sites (GOC announcements). (Rob Quick)

Rob Quick: What else can Operations do for you?

Shreyas: Display the rankings from operations (as shown by Rob) differently. Use red and green.
DIsplay the results for sites for each test.

*AI*: (Rob Gardner) The diagnostics hyperlink is not very useful on RSV status page. (Rob Quick)

---++ Lightning talk: report from an early adopter of OSG 0.8 - Horst Severini (University of Oklahoma)

*AI*: (Horst S) Globus tcp port range was not set  (Suchandra)

*AI*: (Horst S) Local gridmapfile location not saved. (Suchandra)

*AI*: (Horst S) ca cert updater service prefernce was not saved from 0.6.0 (Suchandra)

*AI*: (Horst S) gridftp se info mot migrated from previous installation. (Suchandra)

---++ Lightning talk: How to upgrade your OSG installation and keep jobs running - Steven Timm (Fermilab)

*AI*: Investigate shipping 'clean out crud' scripts to be shipped with the VDT (Alain Roy)

Alain Roy: Is there something we can do to speed up the process?

This should work for WS-GRAM..

*AI*: (Alain Roy) Institutionalize keeping jobs running while upgrading this for OSG 1.0.0. Include Suchandra (Alain Roy, Steve Timm)

*AI*: (Rob Gardner) Speed up the OSG configuration (Suchandra)

---++ Lightning talk: Getting Certs Quickly - Tim Silvers (OSG Grid Operations Center)

*AI*: Send out information on Globus handling of '-' in gsi authz checks. (Charles Bacon)

---++ Focus on OSG information services - discussion (30')	

Steve Timm: GIP should not probe to see if a service is running correctly - not its job.

*AI*: Investigate use case where the SE GIP and the CE GIP are managed by separate
groups that do not want to interfere with each other. Want to install only one or the other. Gather a
team to decide what needs to be done and make a recommendation. (Anand, GIP Attirbutes)

*AI*: Improve the SE dialogue in configureOSGGIP (Anand, Ted H)

---++ Lightning talk: Gratia accounting at BNL -  Xin Zhao

Xin provides a wishlist due to BNL needs at end of talk

Rob G: asks if lack of accounting with user id for Glexec pilot is an issue?

*AI*: Communicate wish lists to Gratia team. (Rob Gardner)

*AI*: Send email on process accounting to site admins (Eileen Berman)

---++ Focus on WS Gram: testing, usage Jeff Porter (LBNL) , Charles Bacon (Argonne National Laboratory)

*AI*: can admin overwrite users cleanup directive for debugging? (Charles)

Shreyas & Michael) Currently not. "Cleanup Hold" may solve the issue.

Rob G - What do people think of dropping Gram 2 instead of Gram 4

Alain - May not be a good idea for EGEE compatibility issues

Keith C - Job UUID in Gram 4?

Charles B - Yes - it exists

%Y% *AI*:  Charles Bacon will give Keith an example trace (Charles Bacon)

Alain - log-file rotation needed for condor and sge

Jeff  - report information via GIP, integrate with gratia, as an independent CE


---++ Lightning talk: Configuring RSV (10')	Tom Wang (OSG Grid Operations Center)

Rob: Are people bothered by having a 'rsv' user and periodically renewing it's cert?  In general: yes, would prefer using a service cert.

*AI*: Need to find an alternative to renewing certs so frequently (Mine A, Alain R)

Michael: Would like to pluggin probes into site's existing monitoring framework (e.g. nagios).

*AI*:  (Tom, Arvind, Alain) implement/test generic rsv wrappers for nagios that exist from BNL (Tom, Arvind)

*AI*:  Simplify configuration process (Rob Quick)

Alain: are people concerned about condor_cron instead cron?  Answer : we don't know enough about what condor_cron buys. Basically, condor_cron allows better management routine jobs.  Still some are not swayed.


---++ Configuring OSG and the tools for OSG site administrators - discussion Suchandra Thapa (University of Chicago)


   * We are looking for input from OSG site administrators about (yet-to-be invented) tools that may make management of sites easier, leading to more reliable configuration and operations

