%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444160" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, June 21, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesJun14;     * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1122

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees: Suchandra, Rob Quick, John Rosheck, Charles Huang, Doug, Stu, Anand, Steve Timm, Alan Sill
   * Apologies: none

  
---++ VTB Cache/Testing Status (Suchandra)
   * branch for VDT 1.7.1 in place and will appear tomorrow
   * fixes for RT bug that John Weigand opened is in
   * configuration for syslog-ng in configure-osg script in place
   * now voms-proxy-init in wn-client package 

---++ Site Availability and validation update (RobQ)
   * not much to report aside from working progressing on components 
   * SAMS interoperability will not be in place until September since SAMS developers still working on things
   * will follow up with Arvind on outputting logs for syslog-ng 
   * http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=579

---++ Storage verify script (John Rosheck)
   * tests being run daily with VORS being updates
   * 8 sites passing with 5 failing
   * a display for the attributes being used are being added to the code, should be ready next week

---++ GIP Validation (Anand)
   * John Rosheck has put up the site 
   * still working on identifying and displaying critical attributes
   * work still needs to be done 
   * storage attributes mostly completed 
   * still a question on service element will need to talk to Burt
   * glue Schema 1.3 will be incorporated into vdt 1.8.0 release

---++ New VDT release and upcoming testing (Alain)
   * 1.7.1 is being worked on 
   * Globus 4.0.5 release should be released tomorrow and is the critical blocker at this point
   * VOMS and GUMS had problems but this should be resolved soon


---++ AOB
   * ITB/VTB usage, ITB for VO validation of new releases
   * CAs for worker node clients
      * squid might be a good solution
      * rsync another mechanism for distribution
   * WN client best practice might change if suid executables are incorporated into package
      * a suid executable on nfs partition might allow someone that is not root to obtain root access
      * not allowed on nfs exported filesystems by default
   
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 21 Jun 2007