%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985944" format="1.1" version="1.11"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Arvind, William, Neha, Ted, Alan Sill, Jeff, Burt, Anand, Steven Timm, Abhishek, Michael Thomas, Charles, Karthik 
   * Apologies: Xin, Rob
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1122
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes

---++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Validation (Jeff, Charles, Abhishek)
   * SDSS only VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo that has done initial  work on validation
   * Abhishek and Charles have created VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Validation table
   * VOs are encouraged to test SE elements 
   * SE testing is limited to srm since other protocols (dcap, etc.) may not be required by all VOs.  *Should try gridftp (if enabled), dcap for on-site reads, and srm access.*
   * Need to get timeframe for release to coordinate with VOs and user groups
      * May take 2 or more weeks for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo validations to complete   *this is fine - RG*

---++ Problems Found
   * Condor-g / gridftp problems with ws-gram 
      * installing grid-ftp server can be done by installing Globus-Base-Data-Server on a client installation
      * new condor (6.8.6) installed with vdt 1.8.1 should help a bit (will ignore prima callouts if setup by default)
      * two problem cases:
         * running on standalone client (should be fixed with condor 6.8.6 in vdt 1.8.1)
         * running on CE using system wide gridftp (need to resolve the system wide mapping issues)
            * can be worked around by using a personal gridftp server  
      * Alan will check with Jaime about the fix in condor 6.8.6 
      * Abhishek will check to see if ws-gram problems will affect VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo validations
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS file
      * Host DN for LIGO had extra characters and need to be fixed
      * Charles will follow up with Rob Quick to get this updated
   * Alan is waiting for new GUMS in VDT 1.8.1

---++ BDII Information, Information Services (Burt)
   * Burt sent patch to list and William to fix dropped information from Indiana to interoperability aggregrator
   * Burt's site and Purdue are the only sites currently reporting correctly 
   * Currently running sites should apply patch and new patch should be applied and configure_gip should be rerun
   * %S% *Action Item*: try to get admins to deploy patch and correct information reporting
   * Delays due to people at CHEP and vacactions, will see more testing as people get back
   * Testing against Burt's site was successful %Y%
   * Gratia is seeing most of the sites %Y%
   * ReSS is operating correcting  %Y%

---++ Site Status Report (Site Admins)
   * BNL: 
      * still working on ws-gram validation
      * all other CE services have been validated
      * srm-dCache SE works with 12TB space, ready for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo validation
   * FNAL 
      * site up and no reports of problems 
      * LIGO jobs are being held 
   * UC
   * CIT ITB
      * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS entry updated so information should be reported correctly
      * limited vo activity, some problems with VOs using remote_initialdir
      * configure_gip patch applied and rerun
      * Alain will send information on nfslite patch so that it can be reported
   * CIT LIGO
      * 2 VOs run, LIGO and usatlas1 running successfully
   * TTU 
      * ready for testing overall, problems with gridftp returns for wsgram
      * considering deploying squid 
      * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS is running and successful on site
      * SE being deployed and should be available soon (using srm/bestman)
      * VOs will be notified that an SRM/Bestman will be available for testing
   * UCSD 
      * Production and testbed SE's, both versions of SRM protocol, available for validation 
      * Support all VOs, should be ready soon
      * Charles reporting that site (CE) not showing up in VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRs, will follow up with Terrence

---++ Doc (Anne)
   * currently reorganizing voms install info
   * Forrest is working with Ted on SE info
   * osg-client needs a little work for condor-g (see my red comments; suggested test command failed for me)
   * Status? Alan will provide instructions for SE install guide for Bestman
   * I need guidance on category "where do these go" (bottom of doc table)
   * Charles B is assigned to work on consolidating troubleshooting info

Questions
   * getting host cert doc.  Some docs point to OSG RA, some to vdt and some to the !CEConfigurePKI.  Should be one place. I suggest OSG RA, and ditching !CEConfigurePKI. Comments?
   * from last week (answer?): do we want to point to any doc on how to set up a cluster?  *RG - I think this is beyond the current scope.  Perhaps we can follow-up on this post-ITB*
   * Edu web has some general answers to (user) questions: how to start, monitor, cancel, get results from a job? [[Documentation/EndUserDocHub#Using_the_Grid]].  Are these right for 080? (globusrun-ws -submit ..., globus-job-run..., condor_submit..., condor_submit_dag...).  How to handle?  *RG: I think these should be incorporated into the client validation processes.*


---++ AOB
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMs problem due to extra token
      * two solutions 
         * upgrade all servers
         * remove token (the solution that will be used, no harm in doing this)
      * Alain is following up with VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS developers (no fix currently, not sure if there will be a fix soon)
   * We need to test *glexec* on at least one site in the ITB.
   * Do we have a site that has tested *squid?*

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 05 Sep 2007

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="RobGardner" date="1189113392" from="Integration.MinutesSep02" to="Integration.MinutesSep6"}%
