%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476803222" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob Gardner, Suchandra, Iwona, Tanya, Alain, Marco, Rob Quick, Arvind, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Friday, 12:00pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * Campfire chats: see Trash/SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar

---++ New Features 
   * Reorganize OSG packages
   * Process changes in osg packages
   * VDT package reorganization
   * configure-osg changes
      * monalisa requests
      * better transition code 

---++ Testing
   * Things that need to be tested 
      * !dCache release
      * configure-osg changes
      * process changes
      * pacman archive creation
      * vdt pacman changes
   * VTB cycle next week for initial testing on vdt pacman questions
   * 2 weeks of vtb testing
   * VTB testing
      * Basic functionality
      * Making sure services are enabled/setup correctly
      * 2 business days for cycling/feedback
      * VTB meetings on tuesday
      * Campfire meeting will be used for coordination as well
   * After a certain date, changes will need to get approval from several people

---++ Other
   * svn repository hosted at goc will be used
   * Suchandra will circulate email with svn repository structure
  
---++ Further information
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/OSG12Plan][OSG 1.2 Plan]]

---++ AOB

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 01 May 2009