%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1272649944" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Ted, Rob Quick, Jeff, Burt, Anand, Xin, Brita, Chris, Gabriele, Steve, Jay
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Gratia report (Chris)
   * Release coming out that will be production systems on Friday
      * Incremental improvement in query speed
      * Minor ui changes
      * Collector unchanged
   * Will be incorporated in VDT meeting
   * Will have discussions with Rob Quick and Arvind in regards to schema and other improvements
   * No changes in probes until OIM is in production, then changes will be made to synchronize the two
    
---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * Active testing of ITB compute and storage elements by member of European VO (Manuel)
   * Burt has been emailing admins of resources having problems
   * Bug in information reporting, patch posted to ITB list
   * Burt will be on rolling furlough so action items will probably not be done
   * Testing that will be done:
      * RSV probes will replace site availability tests
      * Versions of ops tests will run against resources
      * Basic storage element tests will be run as well
    
---++ Dcache testing/release (Ted)
   * New release undergoing testing, if tests pass which will be likely, new release will be made
   * Test suite made available which use fermi client
   * Ted has made a space reservation test script available
   * Site report:
      * UC_ITB 
         * Running into problem with srm server, will work with Ted to fix
      * LBNL 
         * Installation done on test machine
         * Problems with gridftp door but resolved with Neha
         * Some residual problems from previous install
      * BNL
         * Problems with starting with srm door
         * Similar to problems at UC_ITB

---++ WS-GRAM testing (Jeff)
   * Not much new from last week 
   * Condor-g client has been limiting performance, discussion underway between the condor and globus team to fix this
   * Question from Chris:  How to run jobs using different DNs from the same user (uid) ?
       * Not much testing on this, but this may become a common use case
       * gridftp wrapper runs into problem with this?
    
---++ CEMon update status (Gabrielle)
   * Work has been done on a new version of CEMon
   * Working is being done on a new package for VDT
   * Working with Burt to get more output from GIP to test server 
      * already tested server with output from fermigrid
   * Contacted VDT to produce a new release (should be done in a couple of weeks)
   * Volunteers should be ready for testing then
   * Burt will check with Tier2 sites to see if they can help with this 
   
---++ VDT Update Instructions (Suchandra)
   *  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/ReleaseDocumentationVdtUpdateGuide][Update Instructions]]

---++ Site Admins meeting/All hands meeting
   * [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1037][All hands meeting link]]
   * Any volunteers for lighting talks should contact Rob Gardner or Suchandra 
   * Site admins meeting will replace ITB meeting two weeks from now to prepare for all hands meeting

---++ AOB
   