%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284999" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Robert Gardner, Robert Engel, Xin, Steve Timm, Scot Kronenfeld, Anupam, 
   * Apologies: Horst, 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064

---++ Documentation 
   * [[Trash/Integration.CEDocumentationCampaign][CE Documentation Campaign]]
      * Target completion date -- Sep 1
      * Robert Engel will coordinate CE documentation 
      * Will have weekly ITB agenda item focusing on this
      * Robert Gardner will help to push things along
      * Of 80 documents in CE area, about 20 documents need attention
      * Tentative plans for 2 meetings for documentation
         * Once for Robert to discuss documentation with Marco, Suchandra, and Robert at UC
         * Another documentation fest to wrap things up

---+++ Current documentation
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.HardwareRecommendations][Hardware Recommendations]]
      * Needs some editing
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.NetworkPerformanceToolkit][Network Performance Toolkit]]
      * Being worked on by Horst and Karthik
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ComputeElementPostInstall][CE Postinstall]]
      * Robert will take over ownership,  Suchandra will review
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ConfigurationFileGIPExamples][GIP Configuration Examples]]
      * Will ping owner/reviewers (Tony, Brian)
   * [[Documentation.AboutGums][About GUMS]]
      * Will delete 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.LSFBatchSystemHints][LSF Batch hints]]
      * Will delete
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.LocalAuthPreConfig][Local Auth Pre-configuration]]
      * Robert will review

---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
   * FNAL
   * OUHEP
      * No major updates
      * Still see gratia condor probe issue 
   * UC_ITB
      * No major changes
      * Load issues resolved, due to panda pilot settings
   * VDT
      * No major changes
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
      * No major updates / still see condor probe errors
   * FNAL
      * No major updates / still see condor probe errors
   * OUHEP
   * UC_ITB
      * No major updates / still see condor probe errors
      * Verified that OSG 1.2.19 doesn't have the gratia condor probe errors
   * VDT
      * No major updates 
      * globus gatekeeper nice changes updated
      * Site will be used for summer school so there might be interruptions related to this

---++ ITB testing 
   * Changes
      * VDT pacman updates
         * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p27.html][VDT description]]
         * cleanup scripts for globus files
         * gatekeeper reniced to lower priority
         * tweaks to GRAM to work better
         * condor job manager patched to support accounting groups
   * ITB  Testing
      * Open items:
         * gratia bug
            * Possible option to drop gratia changes and releasing remaining updates as OSG 1.2.20 
            * Will wait for Philippe's response tomorrow and decide on pulling the release 
      * Suchandra will put out a draft release notice tomorrow

---++ AOB  
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 22 Jun 2011