%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1179412266" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, May 17, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesMay10;  Tuesday's VTB meeting: MinutesVTBMay15
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees:  tbd
   * Apologies: none

---++ Imminent VDT release and VTB cycle

---++ WS gram
   * Updates to the WS gram testing activity  on-going: Globus, UC, LBL, CIT

---++ Syslog-ng
   * Discussion of privacy issues for wider spread deployment on next ITB release.
   * Update on packaging in VDT

---++ Interoperability
   * Feedback on what tests they'd like to have performed on the EGEE PPS sites..

---++ GIP validator and the storage verify script




-- Main.RobGardner - 15 May 2007
