%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1177452043" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, April 5, 2007
   * Last week: MinutesMar29;  Tuesday's attributes meeting: MinutesAttributesApr3; Monday's Gram testing meeting: MinutesWSGramApril02
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Xin, Suchandra, Rob, Ted, David, Jeff, John R, Karthik, Alain, Stu, Steven T, John W, Eric, Anand, Rob Q, Burt, Shaowen
   * Apologies: none

---++ WS Gram 
   * See page WSGramValidation for a summary of testing results.
   * Suchandra doing native submissions, Jeff Condor-G
   * Jeff: service comes down after a certain rate.  Built submission scripts for a variety of different tests - causes server to fail.  Watches load rise on service host.  Trying to re-run tests on the UC t2dev site.  More details on failure:
   * Condor-G submit of a simple script. Fails at a queue length of 120 jobs (def file descriptors, def memory), where jobs are few minutes.  Not sure if its a cluster-specific problem.   
   * Have not seen anything amiss in the container log. 
   * Stu: found that increasing the number open file descriptors to at 16K.
   * Alain: note also default memory as shipped from VDT is the default max heapsize for the container 512MB; Suchandra has tested at 1 GB.
   * Stu: need to look at why things break at 16K.
   * Stu notes that with Condor-G the 16K fd's may not be required.

---++ OSG Attributes
   * See page AttributesSubcommittee
   * Anand: we have one more week for VO's to submit requests for *critical* attributes.  After that the goal is to move to Glue schema 1.3 - identifying new attributes, and possibly more as critical. 
   * Storage was the last place where there was work to do.  Ted has marked a few more attributes as critical.  There is an issue of srm inserting portions of the root path - has checked how UCSD.
   * Need to review  the three SE's "succeeding" in http://dev2-scan.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/show_results?grid=2
   * Interop (Burt): patch for configure-gip -- by Monday.   Also, w/ John R and Laurence Field about info not getting propagated through the BDII at the GOC.  Still waiting to see EGEE-brokered job land on an OSG site.  May have happened already.  Burt will put his ITB site online and will send jobs through RB's to his ITB-CE.  95% confident that with VDT patch all is good.  

---++ Storage testing 
   * John R; starts from the OSG registration database. 
   * See http://dev2-scan.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/show_results?grid=2
   * Has three sites passing tests.
   * Most attributes are being set correctly.  Two distinct parts - the information collection, and then unique IDs must be found.  This will test that critical storage attributes are being presented correctly, and if they work.

---++ Syslog-ng
   * See SysLogNg and http://twiki.mwt2.org/bin/view/Logging/SyslogInstall as an example.  Suchandra will be providing recommendations for the VTB, and will setup a central VTB logging service for monitoring and debugging.


---++ AOB
   * Tuesday VTB timeslot 

-- Main.RobGardner - 03 Apr 2007
