%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285000" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, July 12, 2007
   * Last meetings: MinutesVTBJul10, MinutesJul5     
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees: Steven Timm, Rob Quick, John Weigand, Anand, John Rosheck, Karthik 
   * Apologies: 
  
---++ ITB Sites (Steven Timm)
   * FNAL ITB
      * 10 machines currently running will eventually have about 30 machines
      * mix of 32bit and 64bit architectures
      * direct access not going through FNAL gatekeepers
      * FNAL_GP_FARM_TEST
      * will eventually have a test storage element but may not be ready for itb  testing
   * UChicago ITB
      * smaller cluster (8-12 cluster) 
      * still in planning and discussion stage
      * may have storage element

---++ VTB Cache/Testing Status (!Suchandra)
   * John reported a few bugs in current vtb cache ( 3118, 3117 )
      * Anand and Eric are looking at the bug report with configure-osg-gip.sh
      * Suchandra is looking at configure-osg.sh bug
   * VTB cache is still being worked on, will probably be fixed in the next few days
   * GUMS won't work out of the box, fixes will be in 1.8.0
   * VOMS works, no changes in VDT 1.7.1
   * GT2 needs testing but this will have to wait until bugs that John reported are corrected 
   
---++ WS gram testing update (!Suchandra)
   * ws-gram is being tested by a few people 
   * a report should be out in 2.5 weeks describing performance and reliability of service as distributed in vdt 1.7.1/vdt 1.8.0
   * any information services for ws-gram?

---++ ITB 0.7 prepartions (!RobQ)
   * Calendar online on integration page 
      * vdt delay may throw the schedule off a little
   * central services up and running
      * bdii on new machine
      * services are being tested but look good so far
      * centralized logging not setup, goc will provide machine but cedps project will provide mechanisms for logging
   * Suchandra and John will work on itb svn setup on friday
   * Tim Silvers will be taking over John's position at the end of August, gridcat will come in under a new cert later but will use John's cert for now

---++ RSV (Arvind)
   * waiting for vtb testing
   * will start running against hosts when vtb machines start
   * will not validate monalisa or gridcat in this round but other services will be validated
 
---++ AOB
     
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 12 Jul 2007