%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985942" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Ted, Jeff, Suchandra, Michael, Burt, Wu, Horst, Anand, 
   * Apologies: Rob Gardner
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Dcache testing/release (Ted)
   * Site Reports: DCacheVTB 
      * UC
         * Space reservations working
         * Final testing this afternoon but don't anticipate problems
      * BNL
      * LBNL
         * Still working on some authorization issues
         * Should get problems fixed
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo testing
       * Suchandra will talk to Terrence to about dcache testing from CMS
   * New package of dcache released this afternoon (fixes for space and replica manager)
      * Can upgrade by copying site-info.def and running installer
   
---++ CEMon update status (Gabriele)
   * Working with Rob to see if RAW dialect works correctly with BDII aggregator
      * Testing shows this is okay so far
   * Found bug in CEMon in testing
      * Glite will release a fix next week
      * Should have packaging in VDT by first week of March
   * Will try to get glite developers to get new build to vdt team asap

---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * SAM tests for EGEE coming starting
   * Sites may see users coming in as ops trying to install software
      * Will be run against persistent ITB sites
      * Tony will be liaison for interoperability
   * Some concerns about CA versioning
   * Links on interoperability website for tests
   * Planning ongoing for next generation interoperability services 
   * EGEE currently doesn't have any ws-gram information advertising
      * In principal ws-gram should work but not being tested

---++ Gratia (Chris)
   * Hope to have authenticated probe uploads
      * Probes will use a certificate (host or self-signed) to authenticate uploaded information
      * Transport will be SSL encrypted
   * Probes will now get DN and FQAN for 98% of jobs run
      * Will get proxy information from jobmanager at submit time
      * Will not work for non-delegated webservices jobs
      * Other cases (gt2/ delegated or condor based webservice jobs) will work
      * Will not need to use reverse map file with this change
   * Queries against summary tables have been improved
   * Upgrade mechanism will allow state information to be preserved on upgrades

---++ Configure-osg.sh updates (Suchandra)
   * New script will be ready for testing/feedback on Monday
   * Contact Suchandra if you're interested in testing the code

---++ AOB
   * All gip code is now being tracked in Brian Bockelman's svn repository 
   * A VTB cycle for the the next VDT release will probably occur the week after all-hands meeting

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 06 Feb 2008