%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284998" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Poonan, Alan, Rob Q, John Weigand, Rob Gardner, Anand, Michael Thomas, Alain, Xin, Tanya, Keith Jackson, Iwona, Jay, Steve Timm, Burt, 
   * Apologies:  Horst,
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation Page]]

 
---++ ITB Sites
---+++  FNAL - Steven Timm   - CE/Dcache
   * CE up
   * GLExec is being setup
   * GUMS/VOMS/VOMRS 
   * SE upgrade is waiting for dcache update
   * VO validation 
---+++  LBL - Jeff/Keith  - CE/GUMS (in VTB)/Bestman/GLExec 
   * No problems with CE so far
   * Some documentation issues (posted information to the list)
   * Ready for VO validation
---+++ UC_ITB - Suchandra CE/SE/GUMS
   * Ready for VO testing
   * SE testing should be up this up  
---+++  TTU  - Alan - CE/SE 
   * Working on install
   * Updating list as documentation issues come up
---+++  BNL  - Xin - CE
   * CE is up and ready
   * Working on setting up bestman/xrootd
   * GLExec only working on one node, working on issues
   * Running into problems with xacml interface to gums 
---+++ CIT_CMS_ITB - Michael - CE / GUMS
   * CE should be ready for testing
   * Seeing problems with BDII validation (N/A as result) -- *Fixed*
   * Problem with ws-gram 
      * Stage out is failing when doing a globus-job-run
      * Error when copying (error code 226)
   * GUMS validation was completed sucessfully
   * Site is ready for VO validation
---+++ Caltech-LIGO - Robert - CE and SE (Bestman gateway)
   * NA
---+++  CMS_Burt_ITB - Burt Holtzman - CE 
   * CE is up and so far so good
   * Doing site validation
   * Should be ready for VO validation
---+++  OU  - Horst/Karthik - CE
   * NA 
---+++  Purdue - CE
   * NA
---+++ CIGI_ITB -  Anand - CE/GUMS
   * Installation completed
   * GUMS / xacml interface completed
   * Ran into problems with BDII 
      * Working with Burt and GIP team to resolve this 

---++ Testing coverage of specific services

   * GLExec
      * BNL problems due to nfs requirements / security -- standalone GLexec working
      * CIT_CMS hasn't had problems with glexec (including the xacml interface)
      * FNAL will need to do some further testing on this (no problems so far)
   * Bestman/xrootd
      * Packaging changes will be made to make it easier to download and install bestman
      * 
   * GUMS/Prima/Authorization
      * BNL ran into problems with xacml interface
      * Jay will open a ticket with GOC 
   * GIP
      * Some problems have been found
      * Bugfixes have been issued
      * Interoperability will start once local testing starts
   * MPI
      * No stakeholders for this, will 


---++ Site Validation Table and information 
   * RSV validation
      * Arvind will go over these validation pages
      * Updated this morning, Steve Timm will review changes
   * BDII/CEMon/Interop
      * Burt and Information group will check this
   * Gratia
      * Will ask Chris Green to review this page
   * WS-Gram, Squid, Vo-access
      * Suchandra will review
   * GUMS
      * Jay will review
   * VOMRS
      * Tanya will review
   * OSG-Client
      * Steve Timm will review
   * GLexec 
      * Will ask Igor to review page

---++ VO Validation
   * Will give the following sites names to Abhishek for VO testing:
      *  FNAL
      * LBL
      * UC_ITB
      * CIT_CMS_T2
      * CMS-Burt-ITB

---++ Documentation Issues 
   * *gums-host-cron/edg-mkgridmap log location need to mentioned in configuring prima section (John)* 
      * Igor and Dave will work on updating authorization section page 
   * Edit section button / view section button switch
      * Suchandra will open ticket
   * Global cache name has a problem (currently set to OSG ITB) 
      * Corrected

---++ Bug Review (*follow-up*)
   * RT 11882 configure-osg extraction *Documentation update needed*  *Corrected*

---++ AOB 
   * Footprints queue will be up for next week, will switch from RT to footprints for next ITB cycle

%BR%
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 19 Feb 2009