%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285000" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, May 24, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesMay17;  Tuesday's VTB meeting: MinutesVTBMay22
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees:  Suchandra, Rob, Arvind (GOC), Rob, Horst, Karthik, Jeff, John R, Michael, Shaowen, Anand, Eric
   * Apologies: Burt, Brian, Stu

---++ WS gram testing (Suchandra, Jeff, Stu)
   * New developments on WS gram testing
   * Suchandra - getting things ready for benchmark tests, expect initial test 
   * Jeff - setup and ready to test.
   * From Stu: 
      * _Condor folks (Jaime Frey) gave us a new condor-g version that should improve performance further.  3 calls in one.  Create(), set lifetime() and release() are now >done in just the one create() call.  Should show improvement.  Martin will do an sanity test checking reliability and performance and then we can all try it out. Martin tested Jaime's new condor-g version.  It had error when tested against a GRAM4 service for a 750 job test, but errors occurred shortly after the test started.  The client-side (GAHP) is getting OOM errors.  Jaime has reproduced it and debugging is in progress._

---++ VTB cycle readiness (Suchandra) 
   * Sites: UC, LBL, IU, FNAL- ( !JohnW )
   * Report on the VTB installation based on the newly released VDT 1.7.0.
   * Expect the release of VDT tomorrow.
   * VTB packages are ready.  Suchandra will announce when its available for VTB installs.

---++ Syslog-ng  (Suchandra)
   * Report on the syslog-ng installation from VDT
   * VTB logging infrastructure.
   * Package is in the VDT now - working on test installs.  Most bugs will be fixed.  There were some problems with the configuration script. There will be some manual tweaking required.
   * Scott (VDT) expects to have these problems ironed out in the next day or two.

---++ GIP validator and the storage verify script (John R)
   * Follow-up from last week.
   * GIP validation suite is loaded into a server at IU.  Appears to be functional.
   * =storage-verify=  is working out of the box.  Only 2 sites passing, 11 failing. Multiple failure modes. *Operations will contact site admins to get this into reasonable shape.*
   * gsiftp and dcache GIP advertisement issues.  Anand has raised this with the storage group today. *Anand will follow-up with a small group to resolve any ambiguities and expectations on advertised attributes, at the OSG storage meeting next week*. 
   * Will circulate an annoncment when changes to the attributes table.  Continue to work both existing set of attributes for the deployed OSG 0.6, and preparations for the new OSG 0.8.  *Will add a new Glue 1.3-based table.*
   * Eric - has updated GIP to be Glue 1.3 compliant.  Will need to work the issue with *John R - will create VTB instance of Glue 1.3 BDII.*

---++ Squid configuration (any feed back from Operations?)
   * From last meeting: _OSG_SQUID_LOCATION environmental variable that is set in configure-osg that we presently force users to use that want to use a site's squid cache from programs such as =wget=.  Should we set http_proxy directly, and not require users to use the environmental variable? Steve T thinks yes.  UCSD thinks not.  Discussed collecting more information in operations meetings - Rob Q will put this on the agenda of the next meeting(s).  Alain will provide the recipe for setting http_proxy directly._
   * Rob Q will bring this up at the next operations meeting.

---++ Service Availability project (Rob Q)
   * Initial project plan:  http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=579
   * Probes have been released and are available for testing and comment at http://peart.ucs.indiana.edu/docs/osg/2007-05-16-probes.tar.gz
   * Currently writing a replacement to site-verify - as individual probles rather than in a long test.
   * Scheduling infrastructure - U Wisc - intelligent "condor cron scripts".  Idea is that this is something more robust than simple cron.  There will be a package that site admins downlaod and run locally.
   * Current probes, 9 total initially:
      * host certs, CRL
      * submit to the job manager
   * Will use Gratia infrastructure as a replacement for VORS
   * Output compliant with WLCG SAMs monitoring format, for reporting down the line.
   * Probes will be able to be run "locally" and "remotely".  The remote probes need a service URI parameter. 
   * There are _status_ probes and _metrics_ probes.
   * The output comes as a bunch of key-value pairs, plus ISO timestamp, etc.
   * There is a meeting tomorrow morning.
   * Suggestions:
      * pipe probe output to syslog-ng - this should be easy.
      * Nagios plugins - post v1 release.
   * Mid-June to have basic structure in place, and initial VDT package.
   * Post meeting - message from Arvind:  _Here's the README file URL if you or folks want to check it out: http://peart.ucs.indiana.edu/docs/osg/OSG_probes_README.txt (The above README file also has a link to the WLCG probe standards document).  And the previous link I sent you had a typo, here's the correct one: http://peart.ucs.indiana.edu/docs/osg/OSG_probes.tar.gz. Cheers, Arvind_


---++ AOB
   * No VTB meeting next tuesday.

-- Main.RobGardner - 22 May 2007