%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284999" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Tony, Keith Chadwick, Gabriele, Suchandra, Rob Gardner, Abhishek, Arvind, Tanya, Doug, Fengping, Ted, Jeff, Parag, Xin, Michael, Anand
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ VTB/ITB site list 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][ITB Sites List]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][VTB Sites List]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB090/SiteValidationTable][Validation Table]]
   
---++ CEMon (Gabriele)
   * New version of CEMon that Gabriele would like us to test for troubleshooting since it has better troubleshooting
   * Gabriele will try to get release into vdt 1.10.1 release, will talk to Alain in order to get CEMon packages into this release
   * Seeing issues with CEMon / BDII, looking at it
   
---++ VO Testing 
   * DOSAR validated on OUHEP site
   * Several VOs (nanohub, LIGO, etc) running on several ITB sites
   * For ITB testing opportunistic testing use case where client makes reservations
   * Caltech and Nebraska want to participate in opportunistic storage
   * Storage group will assist with implementing opportunistic storage plans on interested sites
   * BNL_ITB and UC_ITB will have users testing it, space reservations enabled and active on both sites
  
---++ Validation Results
   * BDII
      * Had issues earlier, traffic on list in regards to this
      * Fix found for several servers but other resources are still running into problems
      * *List on website will be pared down by GOC and Suchandra*
   * GIP Validate
      * *Tony will check to see if this is still applicable and if unit tests are available*
   * ReSS 
      * Table will be cleared and restarted 
   * RSV 
      * SE probes ready for testing
      * Just have srm probes 
      * Xin and Jeff have validated RSV
      * Updating to 1.10.0a doesn't update RSV completely
   * Syslog-ng
      * Jeff has sent info to a local collector
      * Suchandra will validate Xin's site
   * Interop
      * Problems with CEMon/BDII limiting on this

---++ Interoperability (Tony)
   * Can't get information from BDII server so EGEE sites can't submit to persistent ITB sites
   * Testing osg submissions to EGEE is being started 
   * Sites will be validated when admins give

---++ WS-GRAM 
   * Meeting on monday to discuss ws-gram
   * ITB group recommendation on ws-gram requested 

---++ Bugs/Todo
   * BDII/GIP bug fixed 

---++ AOB
   * Tony will talk to Tim Silvers about the GIP Validator
  
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 24 Apr 2008