%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1212696869" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Steve, Gabrielle, Rob Quick, Rob, Michael Thomas, Horst, Karthik, Alan, Anand, Parag, Xin, Abhishek, Britta, Alain Roy, 
   * Apologies:  Jeff Porter,
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ VDT Update/Testing (Alain)
   * Still working on security updates
   * Working on a security update for testing this afternoon
   * Will work on other updates after security update
   * Release scheduled for monday or tuesday
   
---++ GIP/Interoperability  (Tony)
   * No news with EGEE interoperability
   * Working on a new release that should be in new VDT update
   * New release in conjunction with configure-osg.py update should fix bdii / information reporting update
      * Problems cause missing bdii stanzas
   * Plans to have GIP on SE's for OSG 1.2 so that CEs will not need to have SE information configured 
   * However, no need to run the GIP SE system on a SE  
   
---++ Documentation (Rob) 
   * Working on documentation
   * Plan is to archive current webs and copy the ITB web to release documentation
   * Sent out email in regards to plans
   * Added new flag for page reviewer 
   * If testing is converging by Tuesday, docfest may be possible on wednesday/thursday

---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 22 May 2008
