%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1180643108" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, May 31, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesMay24;  Tuesday's VTB meeting: (none)
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees: Michael, Rob, Rob Q, Anand, Eric, John R, Jeff, Alain, Suchandra, Karthik, Xin, Gabriele, Stu  
   * Apologies: Horst

---++ VDT 1.7 release 
   * Released this week.
   * Syslog-ng now in VDT.  Now tweaked in VDT 1.7.1.
   * Shifted back two weeks to accommodate Globus 4.0.5 - will make VDT's life easier.  New version of GUMS and VDS/Pegasus; cert updates automatically, etc.

---++ VTB plan
   * Based on latest VDT release
   * Sites: UC, LBL, IU, FNAL- ( !JohnW ).
   * SVN and pacman cache are prepared.
   * Install and provide feedback on syslog-ng install, VDTSyslogNG
   * Suchandra is validating - things are working.
   * gridftp, globus container log, and the gatekeeper logs will be forwarded to the central logging host.  Init script and cron jobs need to be turned off in synch.

---++ WS gram testing (Suchandra, Jeff, Stu)
   * New developments on WS gram testing
   * Jeff - initial tests are looking good.
   * Stu reports progress on Condor-G / WS gram developments. 
   * Lets follow-up on this at next week's VTB meeting.

---++ GUMS coming (Gabriele)
   * Server improvements are coming - there is a GUI, with a standard OSG template.
   * Will introduce to the VTB.  Follow-up next week.

---++ Update on storage validation (John R)
   * Spoke with osg-storage, will start testing daily.  Has 6/13 SE's passing, which means that the copy commands are working.  Two sites not reporting BDII info.  Auth problems. 

---++ Update on GIP, storage attributes, etc (Anand)
   * Eric - has updated GIP to be Glue 1.3 compliant.  Will need to work the issue with *John R - will create VTB instance of Glue 1.3 BDII.*  Done, correct schema files loaded %Y%.
   * Next steps: more testing of GIPs in advance of VDT 1.7.1.  Quite a few bug fixes and feature enhancements.  
   * There is also a GIP validator now running from the GOC.  See http://gip-validate.grid.iu.edu/.
   * There are problems with lsf information being reporting incorrectly - now fixed %Y%.
   * Working with osg-storage to get additional requirements.
   * The validator checks for schema correctness.

---++ Follow-up on Squid configuration preferences survey
   * From two meetings ago: _OSG_SQUID_LOCATION environmental variable that is set in configure-osg that we presently force users to use that want to use a site's squid cache from programs such as =wget=.  Should we set http_proxy directly, and not require users to use the environmental variable? Steve T thinks yes.  UCSD thinks not.  Discussed collecting more information in operations meetings - Rob Q will put this on the agenda of the next meeting(s).  Alain will provide the recipe for setting http_proxy directly._
   * Rob Q will bring this up at the next operations meeting. - no update.

---++ AOB
   * None.


-- Main.RobGardner - 30 May 2007
