%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225399982" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:Rob Gardner, Suchandra, Gabrielle Garzoglio, Steve Timm, Jeff Porter, Michael Thomas, Horst, Karthik, Xin, Burt, Arvind, Soichi 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background 
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome 

---++ Ongoing 1.0 bugs/issues
   * Apache not starting up 
   * Cert request scripts 
      * Documentation issue 
      * Jeff will update documentation 

---++ Upcoming updates
   * Globus Updates 
      * Steve Timm - will test installation. already one of the patches 
      * VTB will also test 
      * DZero will test - Gabrielle - already tested a few patches 
   * GIP 1.0.5 
      * Several bug fixes 
      * Improvement to logging 
      * Changelog will be sent to the VTB list 
      * Independent of configure-osg 
      * Will would VTB testing - will be test at UC_ITB, LBNL 
   * configure-osg.py 
      * fixes for gip and storage information 
      * better check for non-zero osg-user-vo-map.txt file 
      * other bug fixes 
   * rsv updates 
      * ca cert/crl cert expiry probes 
         * will try to separate functionality so that probe will only raise an error if site's ca/crl updating procedure is not working 
      * ws-gram probes 
      * job manager probes 

---++ Authorization Interoperability
   * Current situation - requires plugins for components for new middleware 
   * New method of infrastructure that allows things to use new protocol(common protocol for globus, services, EGEE services, etc.) 
      * Reduces maintenance 
      * Allows interoperability across grids 
      * Common infrastructure across OSG and European grids 
      * Gets rid of callouts (e.g. prima) 
      * Replaces callout module 
      * New prima supports new and old protocol (so it should be fully backward compatible) 
      * In the long run will allow prima to be phased out 
   * Middleware affected 
      * GT2 
      * ws-gram 
      * srm/dcache 
      * glexec 
      * working on bestman support 
   * Documentation available from Gabrielle outlining changes and with proposal for testing this 
   * Would like ITB help with testing prima servers, gridftp, srm/dcache against old gums, new gums using saml v1 interface, new gums using xaml 
   * Will work on testing when software is ready in the VDT 

---++ Documentation Updates
   * *Cert request script updates* (Jeff) 
   * *CA configuration changes* (Jeff) 

---++ AOB
   * ITB meeting in two weeks 
   * Site admins meeting (Nov 13-14)

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 24 Jun 2008