%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285000" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, January 18, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesJan11
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   *  Steve T, Rob G, Karthik, Suchandra T, Forrest C, Burt H, Chris G, Jeff P, John W, David M, Michael T,  Alain R, Alan S, Eric , Anand P, Xin Z, Tany L, Rob Q
   * Apologies: none
   * Spare list
      * %GRAY% John W, Chris G., Ananand, Eric, Shaowen, Rob, Suchandra, Steve T., Burt, Alain, David M., John R, Forrest, Gabriele, Tanya, Doug, Karthik, Alan S, Rob Q %ENDCOLOR%

---++ Gratia changes for VDT (John W, Chris Green)
   * John - looks like everything is okay (installing just now).
   * Chris - a configuration (VDT_LOCATION) change *just* put into VDT now. 
   * Jeff - Shryes has sent SGE probes to Chris; did not make it into VDT.  Q: is the SGE probe ready?   Alain notes that there will be the capability to add it post release. 

---++ VDT Status (Alain)
   * 1.6.1 - ready to release, but today, we have one more problem.
   * Minor problems with DRM.
   * The best VDT yet!

---++ VTB cache status (Suchandra)
   * Changes for =configure-osg= script earlier today, as well as =vdt-questions=
   * Good to go now - will pull any changes in VDT tonight
   * Ready for another round of testing tonight

---++ CEMon collector status, GIP validation via BDII (John R)
   * Has done some validation, both from the resource =ldiff= file and from the other side of CEMon consumer, shows information is getting passed incorrectly. Eg DNs missing, entire pieces of information missing.
   * The  =CE_monitor= topic uncommented, and changed dialect to use glue 1.2 schema, improved situation but not completely.
   * Note - all this may involve configuration changes. 
   * Will provide update by noon tomorrow.
   * David will continue to validate.

---+++ Validation of Class ad publication
   * John W and Tanya 

---++ Configure OSG script (Suchandra)
   * Done
  
---+++ OSG attributes
   * John W thinks we need more information about the GIP questions being asked.  Example is what is the answer to the  default SE question.
   * Rob G notes this can be changed in the ITB 0.5.2 cycle.
   * See http://osg.ivdgl.org/bin/view/Main/OSGConfigurationParameters
  

---++ VTB installation tests and issues (all)
   * Please update status of tests at: ValidationTestbed for your site.
   * Previous plans:
      * UC: plan on install, setting up a GUMS server, a CE, will get a few Xen hosts up, and a few jobs submitted.
      * CIT: will do another install of VTB, plus site-verify, Gratia and CEMon. 
      * FNAL: finished, will do another.  configure-osg testing and Gratia.
      * LBNL: will do an install;  will be testing basic CE functionality and work on Gratia SGE probe;  not sure when will do CEMon.
      * GOC: CEMon consumer install and testing; BDII for ITB and VTB.
   
  
---++ ITB Cache (Rob Q)
   * ITB 0.5.2 is now available
   * Need new configuration scripts
   * Release sequence:
      1 Alain incorporates final changes by afternoon tomorrow, then does overnight tests.
      1 Another round of VTB tests with Alain's final changes.
      1 Alain releases VDT 1.6.1
      1 Rob Q makes ITB 0.5.2 available to the validation group which installs and tests (using VTB-like procedures).
      1 ITB 0.5.2 release is announced after validation group completes its ITB 0.5.2 installation.

---++ RT Roundup
   * None 
---+++!! *References*
   * Validation testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}% 
   * Trash/Integration testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}%
   * You can access these without authentication with [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/RSS/itb.rss][RSS feeds]].
   * Full RT access at BNL requires registration, which you can do by sending email to RT-RACF-UserAccounts@bnl.gov and asked to be placed in the OSG-VTB and OSG-ITB queues.


---++ AOB
   * Trash/Integration fest: Jan 24-25 (Wed/Thurs next week): VirtualWorkshopJan07
   * No regular ITB meeting next Thursday

-- Main.RobGardner - 17 Jan 2007