%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285003" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%


-- Main.IwonaSakrejda - 19 May 2009
---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Doug Johnson (University of Colorado, Boulder), Suchandra Thapa (UC, Chicago), Iwona Sakrejda(LBNL/NERSC).
   * Apologies: Horst Severini (Oklahoma), Rob Gardner (UC, Chicago)
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 4:00pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 



---++VTB cache.
VTB cache has been release this morning. Suchandra sent out an e-mail:

<pre>
The VTB cache is now up and working at the normal location (e.g. pacman -get VTB:ce ).   
There are a few changes with this release.  First,  in order to install from this cache
you will need the pacman 3.28 prelease which you can find here.  Likewise, you may get
asked a few questions on install as the vdt packages are still being changed. Finally,
as an experiment, I moved the monitoring directory to etc and created a symlink from
etc to monitoring to see if we can put the configuration files in a more traditional
location.  

For the packages, given the changes that are still underway, testing that packages
install and that basic functionality is present should be sufficient for this round
of testing.
</pre>

---++Division of Labor.
   * Robert Engel - CE install and testing.
   * Suchandra Thapa - SE install and testing (what kind?)
   * Horst Severini - clients (later this week, he is at a meeting)
   * Steven Timm - might do CE.
   * Iwona Sakrejda - Bestman SE (Full) + Optional Services (GUMS, Squid etc).
   * Doug Johnson will help validating.

Owners of the installed servers should notify others asap, so people
could help with testing and validation.

---++Documentation 
Kyle Gross should be contacted - Keith Jackson could coordinate.

---++Preliminary Testing of the VTB Cache. 

Iwona downloaded CE, PBS job manager, managed fork, client, wn-client, bestman. There were issues with the VTB client
and Suchandra fixed them (should have opened a ticket in hindsight?)

---++AOB.

An announcement should be sent closer to the meeting time (is OSG-VTB +Horst) list enough?
There was an announcement sent out, probably too early and some people might have missed it.

An agenda should be posted prior to the meeting (will do next time).

Next meeting in the ITB slot this Thursday - see:
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/MeetingMinutes