%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1176146455" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attending: tbd
   * Apologies: tbd
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, April 10, 2007; 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MinutesWSGramApril02, MinutesAttributesApr3, MinutesApr5

---++ WS Gram testing update
   * See new results in WSGramValidation
   * Have source of scaling problems been understood?  Reproduced on another site?
 
d35 5
---++ OSG Attributes
   * See current status in AttributesSubcommittee, which will serve as a final report.
   * What remaining pieces are needed for this report to be complete?
   * Have been looking into the SE attributes, and sub-cluster attributes (for Glue 1.3), and establishing the convention for 1.2 sites.
   * For the final report - 
      * Final critical attributes are set.
      * Focus on SRM/dCache for the SE 
   * Anand notes that SE information is published through a CE.


-- Main.RobGardner - 09 Apr 2007
