%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985942" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Integration meeting, January 12, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesJan5
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

   * Rob, Marty, Marco, Eric H, Alain, Michael, Doug, David/LIGO, Horst, Xin, Iowa (Shoawon, Ransom, Anand, Eric), John W, Leigh, Burt, Greg, Rob Q, Razvan, Steven Timm, Neha, John Hoover/BNL


---++ Agenda

   * GUMS memory leak and fix
   * Gridftp logfile package to fix ML I/O accounting, [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ItbRel034#For_CE_Installations][cf here]]
   * Feedback on new GridCat,  [[http://osg-itb.grid.iu.edu/][0.9.1-1]]
   * Provisioning
   * AOB
     

---++ GUMS memory leak and fix

   * Leigh - has anyone else installed and monitored GUMS 1.1.0 for memory leaks - need more data points.
   * Terrance has installed this version, and reported in Operations service hangs.  Suggested by Dan Yocum to increase memory usage parameters.
   * Noticed increase of ~20MB/day increase in memory usage.  Seems to be related to the update mechanism (update of group mappings, as it contacts VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers and its database). 
   * We neede 1.1.0 availalbe to be compatib le with new version of voms (1.6.7).  Gums previous (v 1.0.1) doesnt' work wihth this version.  other good reasosn to move to 1.6.7 (eg kca support for ext proxies).
   * Could patch old verson of gums through update of 4 files in tomcat tree to get to something compatible.  Leigh did this, applying this to 1.0.1, plus four files.  "patched". 
   * Had two systems - doing prima callouts to this patched gums server.  follow the memory profiles. 
   * A short-term workaround is to tell sys admins to restart periodically. 
   * How many sites are using GUMS?  Of order 6 (only?).
   * Steve Timm reports up to week of stable running.
   * John Hoover joined the call.  He's just getting into the code. What is being run at BNL?  Ans: 1.1.0.  Has been running for a while without a restart. 

---++ Gridftp logfile package to fix ML I/O 

   * Accounting [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ItbRel034#For_CE_Installations][cf here]]
   * Arguments used for Gridftp were missing, so stats not  avaiable in the gridftp logfile.  Nate and John identified the args, Leigh implemented a special Pacman package, now available in the itb and osg 0.4.0.  Will go into vdt 1.3.10.  A config file will be   written and used.
   * Note - in the gridftp transf log are auth messages - unexpected - have created another log file, useful.


---++ Feedback on new GridCat,  [[http://osg-itb.grid.iu.edu/][0.9.1-1]]

   * Bockjoo gave an overview of the new release.
   * Notice change in behavior when hitting back button.
   * GSI credential can be used to change the facility, less prominent.
   * There is some confusion about Grid version color, and interplay with the installation and WS functionality.  Some of this is legacy, from older installations.
   * Border of US map different - leave alone for now.
   * List of services should not include the gridftp service that is not installed.
   * Will consult with others on color schemes (to address Rob's ridiculous cosmetic requests).


---++ Provisioning
   * Remaining issues are those already mentioned here, and then reviewing and completing documentation.
   * Install guide from ITB has been massively redone for provisioning.
   * Discovery services - failed to validate, don't think it will make it for the 0.4.0.  Put this onto integration milestones for next release.
   * Install instructions are being moved into the KB first, then into Mambo.
   * New installation guide needs to be reviewed before release.  The CE authorization steps are still being looked at.
   * John W will review.


---++ AOB
   * Automation of CE install work at Iowa by Eric.
      * Goal is to automate the equivalent of the CE install guide.  Consulted with John Weigand? (John has an automated scripts in place.) Intensive testing as well. Hope is to automate this for end-user site admins as well. In development phase.
      * Is this driven by a single configuration file?  Eric has split this into two - one with acceptable default values, and another with static options.
      * Redirecting stdin, stdout using bash scripts.  JW uses bash+expect.
      * Leigh - lets push this back into VDT.
      * John will send scripts off to Eric.
      * John and Eric agreed to meet during the next week and compare notes, and discuss collaboration moving forward.


%STOPINCLUDE%