%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284999" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Robert, Doug, Scott, Karthik, Poonam, Iwona, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * Upgraded to ITB 1.1.26
         * No problems
      * SE
         * No changes, reboot earlier to upgrade kernel
   * FNAL
      * Upgraded 2 of 4 gatekeepers 
         * Issues with ca certs expiry probe
      * SE still being worked on
   * LBNL
      * Updated SE to ITB 1.1.26, needed to reconfigure bestman
      * Updated CE to ITB 1.1.26, 
      * Job manager condor issues when updated, cleared up after fresh install
   * OUHEP
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.26 
      * No problems
   * UC_ITB
      * CE to 1.1.26
      * Bestman/gums updated to 1.1.26
   * VDT Site 

---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
      * SE
   * FNAL
      * CEs upgraded to ITB 1.1.26
      * SE was up but went down
   * LBNL
      * Upgraded CE and SE to ITB 1.1.26
      * Started update but stopped due to confusion in regards to updating 1.1.25 or 1.1.26
   * OUHEP
      * Running ITB 1.1.26, tried the latest update with success
   * UC_ITB
      * Upgraded to ITB 1.1.26, no problems
   * VDT Site 
       * Ran update testing without issues

---++ ITB 1.1.26 Testing
   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p21.html][Changes]] 
   * ITB sites monitored by GOC?
      * Will discuss with Rob Quick
   * Will ask Rob or someone else from GOC to attend next meeting

---++ Documentation
Background pages for documents:
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.ComputeElement][Compute Element Doc Status]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.Integration][Trash/Integration Doc Status]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.DocQueue][Documentation Queue]] 
   * [[Documentation.DocHowTo][Documentation HowTo]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.DocHowToTemplate][Document How To Template]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.DocInstallTemplate][Document Install Template]]
   * Last week
      * Will send out list after meeting
      * Looking to find someone without much contact with the install documents to look at Robert Engel's changes
         * Will check with Kevin and/or John at Vanderbilt to see if they can review this
   * This week
      * Iwona has a google spreadsheet with details on current work
      * Config.ini documentation will be reworked
      * Need to complete rework by end of October
 
---++ Ticket Review
   * A few tickets already completed and should be closed by next meeting (163/168)
   * 171 assigned to Scott

---++ AOB
   * None



-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 29 Sep 2010