%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444159" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Arvind, Suchandra, John Weigand, Gabrielle, Karthik, Parag, Jeff, Burt, Michael Thomas, Tanya, Xin, Britta, Anand, Abhishek, Rob Gardner
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ VTB/ITB site list 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][ITB Sites List]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][VTB Sites List]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ITB090/SiteValidationTable][Validation Table]]
   
---++ Configure-osg (Suchandra)
   * Updating configure-osg with new release
   * Several bug fixes
   * Will extract gip cluster and storage information more reliably

---++ VO Testing preparation
   * Got responses from several VOs 
   * Trying to get CIGI and !SBGrid to participate
   * Site Reports:
      * BNL - CE ready, Dcache will be up tomorrow
      * UC_ITB - CE ready, Dcache will be ready tomorrow
      * CIT_CMS_T2 - Will update with vdt 1.10.0a update, has dcache and squid ready
      * CIGI_ITB - Will update with vdt 1.10.0a update
      * OU_HEP_T2 - Ready for testing, DOSAR already validated
   * Opportunistic Storage
      * Trying to get CMS, dzero, cms, ligo, cigi to participate as users
      * CMS, ATLAS, and a few other VOs may participate as providers
      * Storage policies dependent on site (e.g. whether VOs get space allocated or a pool is provided for all VOs)
      * Dominant use case -- long term storage of large amounts of data
 
---++ Validation 
   * CEMon Validation results
      * CEMon problems on BNL resolved
   * Gratia
      * Large contribution from UCSD_CMS_T2
      * Server will be up on 8885 for sanctioned ITB sites
      * *Suchandra will send sanctioned list to Gabriele*
   * Storage 
       * Storage group will be updating validation instructions next week

---++ Clearing ITB data collection services (RobQ)
   * VORS and BDII lists will be updated to match current ITB list

---++ Bugs/Todo
   * Jeff is looking at a pbs gip issue with Brian
      * Corrected by Brian
   * CEMon 
      * Duplicated entries seen
      * Burt will be contacted and to see if the problem is CEMon or  
---++ AOB
   * ITB meeting will occur in VTB timeslot next week due to Sites Coordination meeting on Thursday
  
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 24 Apr 2008