%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1178054074" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Brian, David, Stu, Suchandra, Jeff, Martin
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, May 1, 2007; 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MinutesApr24
   * Background
      * WSGramValidation
      * SysLogNg

---++ OSG VTB site at UC (Suchandra)
   * New VTB site and phantom Condor Q.
   * Setup on edge5, following recommendations for container process, number of threads, etc.  Grid install is finished, fork available.  Expect Condor queue up by end of the day. Will update twiki.  Stu/Martin will test fork today.
   * Offer from Frank W to run at UCSD.

---++ WS Gram setup at LIGO (David)
   * All setup at CIT.  Has also run nanohype on a couple of OSG sites  (TT and PSU) - for functional tests.  Need provide site admins with a concise recipe for the config changes.   David will provide a recommendations twiki, for group review.  These are good-sized clusters.

---++ Any other WS gram testing in progress (Martin, Jeff)
   * Jeff: still in a setup phase of cluster (PBS).  3,4 single CPUs, hyperthreaded.  Expect to be available in day or so.  


---++ Syslog-ng for WS Gram testing
   * Collector setup at UC.  Suchandra will work with 
   * David setp at CIT/LIGO
   * Splunk console

---++ General syslog-ng issues for OSG
   * If Brian T joins lets discuss VTBSyslogNG and recent email threads.
   * Suchandra reports progress to run a script to watch the processes from a cron job.  Will send out an email with a potential solution.
   * Do we need to provide a means to lock down the service?  Leave open, but provide instructions for locking it down.  Important for general ITB both.
   * Need to revist the =logger= truncation issue.  Will need to use Charles' modified.


-- Main.RobGardner - 01 May 2007
