%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1235682551" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Steve Timm, Gabrielle, Michael Thomas, Anand, Tanya, Burt, Keith Jackson, Iwona, Alan, Poonam, Horst, Karthik, Xin, 
   * Apologies: Alain Roy, 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation Page]]

  
---++ ITB Site Report
---+++  FNAL - Steven Timm   - CE/Dcache
   * No reports of problems
   * Still running older dcache
   * GLExec 
---+++  LBL - Keith/Iwona  - CE/GUMS (in VTB)/Bestman/GLExec 
   * Still tracking DZero isssue (wierd export, bad variable name)
   * LIGO completed
---+++ UC_ITB - Suchandra CE/SE/GUMS
   * Down for 30 minutes today for update
   * Tracking DZero problems
   * LIGO validating now
   * Still working on Bestmna/Xrootd update 
---+++  TTU  - Alan - CE/SE 
   * Working on installs / validations
   * Noted documentation  error on client 
---+++  BNL  - Xin - CE
   * Site went down briefly for prima update
   * GLExec installed and working
   * Working on CEMon validation
   * Gratia reports having problems due to a proxy issue 
   * Bestman/Xrootd is up and running
       * Need to open up port in firewall for gridftp
---+++ CIT_CMS_ITB - Michael - CE / GUMS
   * Waiting for VO feedback
   * CMS validation will occur there
---+++  CMS_Burt_ITB - Burt Holtzman - CE 
   * Should be up and running
---+++  OU  - Horst/Karthik - CE
   * Everything looks good
   * Looking at BDII reporting/advertising -- Working with burt on this
---+++ CIGI_ITB -  Anand - CE/GUMS
   * A few issues 
   * Other than this everything looks good


---++ Site Validation Table and information / VO Validation 
   * Interoperability / GIP
      * Still looking at sites and verifying against schema before sending information to EGEE
      * EGEE will get list of conforming sites by end of week 

---++ Bestman/Xrootd
   * BNL is working correctly from inside site, need to open up gridftp
   * OU has a Bestman gateway , no problems  so far
   * UC_ITB is in process of getting install working

---++ Documentation Issues 
   * CA Certificates on client
      * Condor-g needs crl lists since connections go back to client machine
      * *Questions on this should be automated?*
      * Can't use vdt-control on non-root install
      * Impact from multiple clients retrieving from the server ?     
      * *Suchandra will open thread on itb and include vdt team and osg security* 

 
---++ AOB 
    * config.ini -- in order to not publish SE information, remove SE section entirely
    * Will contact Abhishek about update to fermi-srm client to get VO feedback (e.g. CMS, ATLAS, etc)
    * All hands meeting next week so no meeting then
%BR%
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 25 Feb 2009
