%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444159" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Jeff Porter, Charles, Xin, Rob Gardner, Suchandra, Chris Green, Horst, Tom, Alan, Terrence, Burt, Rob Quick, Anand, Ted, Arvind
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Gratia wishlist (Chris Green)
   * In final stages of WLCG cross accounting 
   * Haven't discussed distinction between resource and site name for gratia, will have discussions on this
      * Use case BNL, cluster is provided by both STAR and ATLAS 
      * Something similar done with FNAL and CMS cluster
      * Can be solved by having multiple hostnames associated with a single site name? -- OIM project is moving towards this
   * Resource/site name will start being separated 
   * Discussion will continue at gratia accounting meeting 
      * Wednesday 2008/01/23 at 1.30pm Central. (510) 665-5437, ID #2966
   * Wishlist:
      * Ability to distinguish resource ownership within a cluster
      * Ability to distinguish different resources within a site
      * Ability to distinguish different job submission methods (OSG interface, local, PANDA)

---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * GIP works needs to be done, not all storage fields being advertised
   * Storage elements won't be recognized out of the box 
   * GIP meeting will be convened in order to resolve this
   * Efforts are coming back up to speed
   * Issue with multiple gatekeepers per site: sites look like separate sites rather than separate gatekeepers for the same site
   * Followup from Alan Sill: WLCG jobs don't seem to respect OSG variables, best way to get this working.  Might be LSF specific 
      * Burt and Alan will follow up offline
 
---++ ITB release cycle 
   * No firm dates yet but release will probably be sometime in march
   * More concrete schedule and end date will be established after next week's review

---++ Dcache testing/release (Ted)
   * New version of dcache released, Ted will make a new bundle
      * Will be stable for a month
      * Current version is missing srmwatch rpm, will be fixed in the new bundle
      * Release probably won't be available until Tuesday
   * Cern twiki tracking storage element versions -- *can osg sites be registered*
   * Sites doing installations:
      * UC
      * BNL
      * LBNL
      * FNAL
   * Functional testing:
      * Will have a twiki page where sites can sign off after testing is done
      * VO testing --
         * Will be informed
         * Will be responsible for testing and validating server and  client tools
   * Installs will done on sites and be ready for VO testing by Feb.1
   * 2 weeks of VO testing
      * Rob will coordinate VO testing
      * Will probably start with ATLAS and CMS
   * [[Validation Instructions for sites][https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ValidatingDcache]]
   
---++ AOB