%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1465334045" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Scott Teige, Scott, Steve, Anand, Xin, Horst, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
   * FNAL
   * OUHEP
   * UC_ITB
      * No major changes
   * VDT
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
      * Update appears to work
      * No problems but ran into a problem with the ca update script when using a relative path, got an error on update
         * Investigating this with Anand
   * FNAL
      * Updated software, no issues seen
      * Power outage last night but backup
      * Will look at GIP output in greater detail
   * OUHEP
      * Updated and everything looks okay
      * Quarantine files, present but doesn't look like too much of an issue
   * UC_ITB
      * Updated to latest ITB version
      * ITB testing
   * VDT
      * No updates

---++ ITB testing for OSG 1.2.21
   * CA Cache testing
      * itb-new cache which should be tested
      * Anand will send out an email message with instructions
      * Would like to test switching between old and new cache using vdt-ca-manage and that no problems arise
      * Check debian and rpms if possible
   * ITB testing
      * GIP
         * All sites ready for the information group to check output
      * Bestman
         * OUHEP -- no problems
      * LFC
         * LSM changes being checked out -- under dcache teams control
         * Looks okay for now
      * Storage probe changes
         * low probability of impact
      * Need to verify rsv security probe functionality

---++ Documentation 
   * [[Integration.CEDocumentationCampaign][CE Documentation Campaign]]
      * Target completion date -- Sep 1
      * Robert Engel will coordinate CE documentation 
      * Of 80 documents in CE area, about 20 documents need attention


---+++ Status of [[Trash/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][CE Documentation]]

| *Date* | *Area*  | *Coordinator* | *Documents* | *Reviewed* | *Tested* | *Released* | *Completed* |
| 06/24/2011 | [[Trash/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  72 |  42 |  16/26 |  37 |  51% |
| 07/08/2011 | [[Trash/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  70 |  48 |  18/26 |  44 |  63% |
| 07/14/2011 | [[Trash/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  70 |  50 |  20/26 |  44 |  63% |

---+++ Current Document Responsibilities in the CE Area

| *Who*  | *Failed Documents* | *Pending Reviews* | *Pending Tests* | *Total* | *Deadline* |
| Main.RobertEngel  |  0 |  4 |  1 |  5 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.SuchandraThapa  |  1 |  1 |  3 |  5 | 07/21/11 |
| Main.BrianBockelman  |  1 |  3 |  1 |  5 | 07/21/11 |
| Main.TanyaLevshina  |  0 |  3 |  0 |  3 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.StevenTimm  |  2 |  0 |  0 |  2 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.ScotKronenfeld  |  1 |  1 |  0 |  2 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.AlainRoy  |  0 |  1 |  0 |  1 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.ElizabethChism  |  0 |  1 |  0 |  1 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.GabrieleGarzoglio  |  0 |  1 |  0 |  1 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.HorstSeverini  |  0 |  1 |  0 |  1 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.SarahWilliams  |  0 |  1 |  0 |  1 | 07/14/11 |
| Main.KarthikArun  |  0 |  0 |  0 |  0 | |
| Main.RobGardner  |  0 |  0 |  0 |  0 | |
| Main.XinZhao  |  0 |  0 |  0 |  0 | |
| Main.AnthonyTiradani  |  0 |  0 |  0 |  0 | |

---+++ Current documentation work

   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ValidateGUMS][Validate GUMS]]
      * Terrence Martin reassigned as owner
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ValidateSiteVerify][Validate Site Verify]]
      * Steve reassigned as owner
   * Steve Timm
      * Updated VOMRS
      * Updated glexec and fabric best practices   
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.NetworkPerformanceToolkit][Network Performance Toolkit]]
      * Suchandra will try to update with perfsonar updates and Horst will review
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ConfigurationFileGIPExamples][GIP Configuration Examples]]
      * Will ping owner/reviewers (Tony, Brian)

---++ AOB  
   * Installfest:
      * Favorable opinion
      * No time or plans yet, initial stages of planning
      * Possibly ready in sep/oct timeframe





-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 28 Jul 2011