%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1208465142" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Alan Sill, Arvind, Suchandra, John Weigand, Gabrielle, Karthik, Parag, Jeff, Burt, Michael Thomas, Tanya, Xin, Alain, Britta, Anand, Abhishek, Rob Gardner
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ VTB/ITB site list 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][ITB Sites List]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/ITBSitesList][VTB Sites List]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ITB090/SiteValidationTable][Validation Table]]

---++ VDT Update (Alain)
   * Working on update to fix bugs found so far
   * No huge changes
   * Seeing segfaults on RHEL 5.x (possibly debian)
       * Might be due to having old version of perl module
   * Update next week (1.10.0a)
       * RSV updates
       * Might get new CEMon with bugfixes
   * Will probably have a 1.10.1 update
      * VOMS server update (update version of mysql?)
      * Might require new pacman minimum version of pacman
   
---++ Configure-osg (Suchandra)
   * Updates mades and bugfixes ongoing
   * RSV configuration is being added for ce configuration
   * New version will be uploaded on friday with improved error reporting and information extraction

---++ VO Testing preparation
   * Persistent ITB sites will be ready on April 28
   * Other sites will be added as they become available
   * Abhishek and Britta will contact users and vos to encourage testing on that date

---++ Validation 
   * Validation of ws-gram (requested by LIGO)
   * Validation of squid  (required by CDF/WSGRAM)
   * Validation instructions on ITB validation page will be verified by relevant people

---++ Bugs/Todo
   * Gabriele requested CEMon verification
      * Open a goc ticket if problems are seen
   * Jeff is looking at a pbs gip issue with Brian
       * Will open a RT ticket
   
---++ AOB
   * Parag will start helping with CEMon and ReSS and eventually take leadership after osg 1.0 has been stabilized


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 06 Feb 2008
