%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1193000203" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Chris, Rob, Suchandra, Steven Timm, Charles, Tom/GOC, Alain, Burt, Karthik, !RobQ, Ted, Michael, Abhishek, Anne
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes

---++ ITB 0.7.0 background
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.WebHome
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.SiteValidationTable   <--- Please update w/ latest

---++ VO validation status (Charles, Abhishek)
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.SiteValidationTable#VO_validation
   * We have several problem reports coming from VOs requiring site admin action.
   * ATLAS, Compbigrid, Dosar, Engage, Nanohug, Star, Ligo
   * Site problems:
      * BNL - still have firewall problems; second is storage problems (DN problems)
      * UC - Gridex is now working, mosly - the failures were from an interruption.  Ligo: jobs are always idle.  Nanohub: globus-error-17; Stars: no vo-mapping: error code 7. 
      * CIT-ITB - working on nfs-lite problem; Star: can find g-u-c, but not the libs. 
      * TTU - Star jobs crash, to many arguments (perhaps a pbs error)
      * UCSDT2 - possible problem with LIGO.  Nanohub - gridftp failures.  Star got perm probs on $APP. 

---++ VORS validation status (!RobQ)
   * Need to update documenation, and other things from Thursday still pending.
   * Has an LIGO site been removed?

---++ Aggregator (!RobQ)
   * There must be a configuration problem preventing information from being propagated to BDII. 
   * Caching stale information? - Burt  Appears quickly on the web, but not to BDII.
   * Anand has login access and is investigating the aggregator code. 
   * Half the sites are affected
 
---++ !ReSS validation status (Gabriele)
   * No report
   * There was an issue with the number of available cpu's advertized.  The GIPs doc.

---++ BDII validation status (Burt)
   * Tony is writing a validator to compare web and ldap query results.
   
---++ RSV validation status (Arvind)
   * Progress - two or three more resources have been checked off.  Has sent email to sites.
   * Action item: *Will update documenation for RSV issue.*
   * Carryover from last meeting: *Reporting to WLCG - work in progress.*  This work is going on in parallel - 6 steps to do.  Target date is October 15 for OSG RSV data to appear in Gridview.

---++ LCG interoperability status (Burt)
   * Tony ran a simple hello-world via the glite PPS to ITB sites.  This is what constitutes a pass.
   * All issues are with the information service.
   * Probably won't have an SE validation in this cycle.
   * Check of glite tarball on the ITB - $APP.  May be some directory perms probs.
   * Carry-over from last meeting: *Have configure-gip patches made it into VDT 1.8.1 (Alain thinks Will has provided this.) Burt will check this tonight, from John W's auto-install.*  Yes.  %Y%.

---++ glexec validation status (Steve, Xin)
   * Figured out 64bit recipe - but not yet committed to VDT. 
   * Action item: *will update twiki with pacman flags to use.*
   * No information on BNL install.  Steve will be in contact with Xin.


---++ Gratia validation status update (Chris)
   * http://gratia-osg.fnal.gov:8881/gratia-reporting/
   * All okay - can we check off?
   * Carryover from last meeting: *Chris will provide a query which will give information about unknowns.  For example, a osg-user-vo map problem*. 
   * Are there VO mapping problems?  When should one run gums-host-cron to make the VO map file?  Must be done before the config. 
   * Seeing pool-type problems.
   * Will check first with Steve's site - the send recommendation out to osg-int.

---++ Storage validation status (Neha/Ted/Alex)
   * New reporting table http://datagrid.lbl.gov/ 
   * Carryover from last meeting: *We still are in need of Integration.ITB_0_7.ValidateStorageServices  (this is for the storage services validation table)*
   * Survey of current SE problems and issues
   * No storage validation report from Neha/Ted/Alex
   * Charles is trying to validate storage - mostly running into authentication problems.  All srm 1.1 sites are passing his tests.  BNL still has not given Charles access.

---++ Grid exerciser results roundup (Charles)
   * Please.

---++ Documentation (Anne)
   * We need to assign editors/reviewers to sections of the Integration/ITB_0_7.DocumentationTable.
   * status of site validation docs -- ready for me to grab info and put in rel docs?  what happens to val docs at cutover to ReleaseDocumentation -- can I use includes?

---++ Site Status Reports (Site Admins)
   * BNL - Xin not here
   * FNAL - lost headnode of SE; has been replaced with fapl031.fnal.gov
   * UC - setting up VO accounts and minor modifications
   * CIT ITB - still working on nfs-lite; still need to rsv
   * CIT LIGO - all systems go
   * TTU  - not here
   * UCSD - not here
   * Purdue - not showing up on gip-validator page


---++ Squid validation status
   * Dave Dykstra (Fermilab) will be working on this - see update in validation table.
   * Carryover from last meeting: *Will need to modify WN client to put fetch-crl in front of this - Steve.*
   * Carryover from last meeting: *OU will volunteer as a site for squid, will report next week*


---++ VTB, VDT 1.8.1
   * VTB installs fine at FNAL, UC, CIT
   * New version of condor-g in the client
   * There was a problem with older versions of voms, pre 1.8.  A small change to the vomes file  - this has to be done in the OSG cache.  *Action item for !RobQ*
   * VDT 1.8.1 on Monday
   * ITB 0.7.1 on Monday
   * Three sites installed and validated by next Thursday: Fermilab, UC, CIT. 

---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.RobGardner - 19 Sep 2007