%META:TOPICINFO{author="LeighGrund" date="1126207349" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, September 8, 2005. 

	* Last meeting, MinutesAugust25
	* Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes


---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending

TBD 

---++ News from other meetings

	* [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/events/meetings/buffalo0828/index.html][Buffalo blueprint meeting]] 
	* Edge services workshop at ANL
 

---++ Next ITB release candidate (discussion)

	* ITB 0.3.0 release content development
		* VDT 1.3.7 release and release description
		* OSG GIP (service readiness plan)
		* SRM Client tools (1.19)
		* Policy URL publication to GridCat and GIP
		* MIS-CI update to latest version (1.2.7-1)

---++ Accounting status

---++ From the last meeting

---+++ Common worker node environment  

---+++ Requirements for $DATA and data workflow for applications 

	 
---+++ Software updates
	* Alan suggests adding a way of updating a component in the software cache in between releases.  Have a daily cron script update automatically, only for particular scripts.  Can this be handled in Pacman?  Saul thinks so.  Separate out a pacman cache that is more volatile, and updated regularly?

---+++ GT4 Readiness
	* See the WSGramServiceReadinessPlan off the GlobusOSG page. VDT schedule?


---++ Other topics from the group





<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 08 Sep 2005
-- Main.LeighGrund - 08 Sep 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

