%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284998" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Xin, Burt, Anand, John, Michael Thomas, Jeff Porter, Keith Jackson, Horst, Alain Roy, Karthik, Robert Engel, Rob Quick
   * Apologies:  
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation Page]]

---++ VTB Activity (Jeff)
   * New gip released and placed in cache
   * Still SGE issues 
   * Working on configure-osg changes
   * configure-osg python logging problems
   * will have discussion in regards to gip compatiblity with config files
   

---++ ITB Activity and Cache (Suchandra)
   * Need to update GIP validation steps for ITB testing (GIP meeting tomorrow), these changes 
   • ITB  

---++ Bug Review
   * RT 11292 waiting configure-osg changes 
   * RT 11305 Globus part fixed, gridmap file part needs to be correct 
   * RT 11433 Documentation updated, waiting for documentation review
   * RT 11475 resolved:
      * the copy attempt will be removed
      * VDT has patch but will put that in at a later time since this isn't a severe bug
   * RT 11483 resolved and waiting vdt update
   * RT 11523  placeholder until Burt gives approval
   * RT 11527 Suchandra and John will discuss this and resolve issues
   * RT 11690 Message will change to indicate that email may have a typo
   * RT 11691 Documentation needs updating
   * RT 11702 Fixed in repository
   * RT 8196 
      * Fixed in VOMS 2.0.15, will be fixed when that VOMS version gets integrated into VDT
   * VDT 4604 
      * gums-host-cron 

---++ AOB 
   * Ticketing system on footprints should be up next    
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 29 Jan 2009