%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1241726292" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Doug Johnson, Suchandra, Anand, Doug, Horst, Michael, Robert, Keith, Poonam, Iwona, Gabrielle, Burt
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * Campfire chats: see SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTools/OSG12Plan][Current Schedule]]

---++ VTB Cycle
   * Initial testing
      * Just need to check 
      * Suchandra will test Bestman/!dCache
      * Robert will test CE
      * Iwona will test bestman, gums, and squid
      * Horst will try 
   * Process changes
   * New VTB meetings
      * *Suchandra will setup scheduling* 
      * Tentatively scheduled for 2pm Central on Tuesdays
   * Campfire chats for coordination
   * Iwona sent email to the list
      * Changes will probably need test of installing packages
      * Most changes will be in packages but some bug fixes 
      * Need to follow up on bugs from previous releases
---++ Features/Bugfixes
   * voms-proxy tools requested in osg-client/wn-client 
   * mysql changes (Goc ticket 6492)
      * Iwona will track this
   * GIP 
      * Will have improved access control rules (can use voms fqan)
   
---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 06 May 2009
