%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dSuchandra_20Thapa_20757586" date="1292535020" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Rob Gardner, Steve Timm, Tanya, Xin, Jeff Porter, Alain, Horst, Doug, Scott, John
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * No changes
      * SE
        * Maybe going away, to be decided
   * FNAL 
      * SE should be up by tomorrow
      * 
   * OUHEP
      * Stable 
      * 
   * UC_ITB
      * Testing VTB install
      *  


---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * No changes
      * SE
        * Maybe going away, to be decided
   * FNAL 
      * SE should be up by tomorrow
      * No changes on CE
   * OUHEP
      * Stable 
      * Will try to troubleshoot ITB robot/panda issue
   * UC_ITB
      * Testing VTB install
      *  May have some connectivity issues tomorrow due to maintenance

---++ CREAM (Alain Roy)
   * gLite equivalent to GRAM
   * interest in it on the part of ATLAS, ALICE, CMS, and other VOs
   * Better scalability right now and possibly for better scalability by distributing to multiple gatekeepers at the same time
   * Currently being packaged
   * Major change to OSG stack so lots of configuration and integration work is needed
   * VDT still working on changes but VDT would like 
   * Technical details
      * Tomcat webapp running on CE
      * Theoretically can run on gatekeeper with globus
      * If CEMon is also run, both CREAM and CEMon will need to be restarted simultaneously since they run on the same web container
      * BHAPP provides interface between CREAM and jobmanager through bash scripts
         * VDT checking with  developers to see how configurable the scripts
      * Will need a recent version of condor-g (there will be a VDT update)
      * Uses GLExec to map user currently, may change in future
         * Will need to GLExec deployment to work
   * Test plan
      * Workable ITB installation in mid-january
         * Won't include gratia
         * Won't include rsv
         * Should have gratia support
   * 
   * Test sites:
      * LBNL
      * BNL
      * UC
      * OUHEP
      * FNAL may be able to help
   * Help needed:
      * Twiki Documentation
      * Set of hello world job type samples
      * Recommendations on resources/hardware
      * BHAP configuration (e.g. sending jobs to a specific queue)
   * Steps:
     * Configure-osg support
        * Discussion will be done offline between Scot, Alain, and Suchandra
     * SEP
       * Written up and sent to admins on integration/sites(?) list 
     * ITB test
        * start mid to late January

---++ Xrootd native packaging (Alain)
   * VDT has been working on xrootd native packaging 
      * rpms for packages exist
      * needs configuration scripts for rpms
      * will have testing in early January
   * Tanya has tested current xrootd packages
      * Work fine but there is no configuration 
      * Can't test FRM due to configuration differences, waiting on new build from Scott

---++ Testing (Scot)
   * VTB testing
      * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p24.html][Changes]]
      * RSV testing
         * standalone RSV testing works fine on RHEL 5
         * Bug in RHEL 4 due to timeout issues, hope to have fixes soon but due to holidays things may be delayed
      * RSV issue primary problem, should move to ITB when this has been resolved
  

---++ ITB Tickets

   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/itb/viewer?id=161][Ticket 161]] Warnings being generated
      * No objections currently, will be written up in a SEP
   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/itb/viewer?id=163][Ticket 163]] Disable BDII reporting
      * Suchandra will review and get back to Steve
   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/itb/viewer?id=164][Ticket 164]] Forking off fetch-crl
      * No objections to this will be written up in a SEP
   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/itb/viewer?id=170][Ticket 170]] configure_osg_rsv issue
      * Scot will review and see if this is still applicable
   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/itb/viewer?id=180][Ticket 180]] RSV log rotation
      * Will get resolved

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 16 Dec 2010
