%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444159" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, July 12, 2007
   * Last meetings: MinutesVTBJul10, MinutesJul12     
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees: John Hover, Xin, Doug, Charles Huang, Jeff Porter, Arvind, John Weigand, Anand, Tanya, Neha, Steven Timm, Tim Cartwright, Alan Sill, John Rosheck,  Tim, Rob Quick, Ted, Alan Roy
   * Apologies: 
  
---++ VTB Cache/Testing Status (!Suchandra)
   * configure-osg-gip.sh fixes 
   * John and Suchandra have done some testing but further testing needs to be done
   * Pegasus needs testing
      * current version has bugs that vdt may need to pick up a new release
      * Charles will install a vdt version and report problems 
   * Jeff will test a pbs site using vtb cache
   * Suchandra will look at sge bugs listed in RT 
   
---++ WS gram testing update (Jeff/!Suchandra)
   * Benchmarking is still underway
   * will have numbers by end of weekend
   
---++ ITB 0.7 prepartions (!RobQ)
   * Rob is waiting for vtb approval to create an ITB cache
   * Fermilab/BNL request advance warning to test

---++ Significant changes to OSG software
   * VDT changes will be documented on vdt changes
   * Procedure used last time seems to be sufficient

---++ Dcache testing/integration (Ted)
   * Dcache wants to identify sites using dcache and which will provide dcache servers
   * wanted itb sites to use vdt distribution 
      * needs to be in the integration twiki
   * Alex Sims has a tester for dcache that will be used
   * Will be the dcache 1.7
   * Dcache 1.8 will be made available around feb/mar of next year
   * email will be sent to integration list to remind volunteer sites to contact Ted
 
---++ AOB
   * Gabrielle wanted volunteers to test GUMS
      * new GUMS can be used in a separate area so that an admin can switch between the two versions
      * configuration changed but database is still the same
      * Fermigrid, Alan Sill volunteered to test
   * Alan Sills  had questions about VOMS/VOMRS status
      * fixes in and seem to work with platforms including 64bit systems
      * admin still using version 1.2
      * new VOMRS going in shortly
      * upgrade from old versions doesn't preserve configuration, being worked on and VDT will try to get into 1.8.0 release
         * Tanya will send out email on how to upgrade from older versions that VDT does not support
         * VDT will release new version of VDT distribution incorporating fixes from ITB test cycle (1.8.1) 
         * 1.8.1 will need some brief testing to make sure nothing broke due to bug fixes
    * Pacman update might break if new packages are added to the cache
    
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 19 Jul 2007