%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284998" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Scot, Steve, Horst, Karthik, Doug, Maxim, Poonam, 
   * Apologies: Xin
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ ITB Robot (testing) (Jose/Maxim)
   * Link updated: [[http://www.usatlas.bnl.gov/twiki/bin/view/AtlasSoftware/PandaITB][Panda/ITB status]]
      * TTU online, LIGO-CIT pilot submission issues under investigation
      * awaiting UW ITB Condor installation
   * glexec integration work under way, !MyProxy interface in pilot tested
      * Currently myproxy needs to be updated using a separate script
      * Trash/Integration into sendjobs possible in the future
   * three sites total remain to be finished, in different stages of progress, and five are operational

---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL
      * Upgraded to ITB 1.1.18
      * Trying to run ATLAS validation jobs
      * Jose will turn on regular atlas pilot submissions to BNL for validation
   * FNAL
      * Head nodes down due to power issues at FNAL
   * LBNL
   * UC_ITB
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.18
      * Upgrading dcache to 2.4.8
   * VDT Site
      * No changes from last week
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
   * FNAL
      * Headnodes still down due to power issues
      * SE is down due to hardware failure and power issues
      * Might be able to move to another building with power on friday or monday
   * LBNL
   * UC_ITB
      * CE @ ITB 1.1.18
      * Both SEs up and running
   * VDT Site
      * No updates

---++ ITB 1.1.18 testing
   * CMS has signed off
   * Steve was able to test 

---++ Concluding RFC process
   * An email for each pending RFC will be sent out
      * People will be asked to vote for or against RFC
      * Finally tally will determine result of RFC process
   * *Suchandra will talk to Alain about Software Tools Group requirements for RFCs*

---++ Documentation
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.DocTriageCE][CE Documentation Triage page]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.DocTriageInteg][Integ Documentation Triage page]]
   * Will be creating reviewing pages and asking people to update/review certain pages
   * Limited effort due to all hands meeting and other activities

---++ AOB

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 25 Feb 2010