%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1162502158" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, November 2, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesOct26
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending
   * David Meyers, Rob Gardner, Michael Thomas, Burt, Doug, Steven Timm, Horst, Karthik, John Weigand, Anand, David Skinner, Xin

---++ Agenda
   * GIP input options subcommittee - Steve Timm + (Marco, Rob Q, Anand, Shaowen)
   * ITB 0.5.1 SiteValidationTableITB051
   * NFSLiteIntegration - any update?
   * AOB

---++ GIP input options
   * Growing in scope: how should the glue schema look for osg-data, site-read, write.
   * Is the osg-configure script setup to handle this correctly?
   * What about dynamic wntmp?
   * Will add Xin to address the ATLAS release advertising.
   * This group will meet after this meeting.

---++ ITB 0.5.1
   * David is running a mini-LIGO job on the ITB.  Successful on several sites, including Fermilab.
   * 5 success, 3 failures, 2 did not test.
   * Failures (see table)
   * Grid cat does not show any jobs.
   * Gridex jobs - enabled on all ITB all sites that we know about.
   * Validation tasks
      * Burt will srmclient
      * Anand will do bdii/gip
      * Keith h's ITB validation process
      * Neha - SDSS
      * ATLAS - Xin will consult Torre on status of the lightweight pilot (nonlocal dq2 service)
      * D0 - Horst, Gabriele 
      * CEMon - Gabriele
   * Need a new ValidationPage

---++ NFS lite
   * No update

---++ AOB
   * The GIP subcommittee will meet following this meeting.

<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 02 Nov 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%