%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1465334045" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Doug, Anand, Xin, Carlos, Robert, Steve, Iwona,
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * No changes since last week
      * SE
         * dCache reinstalled and verified
         * Using ITB release with chimera
   * FNAL
      * Upgrading rest of gatekeepers to ITB 1.1.23
      * About a week before SE is back up 
      * Will install ITB dcache release with chimera
   * LBNL
      * Installed ITB 1.1.23 and tested
      * No problems encountered
   * UC_ITB
      * On ITB 1.1.23
      * Upgrading dcache to latest itb release tomorrow
   * VDT Site 
      * Won't be available until July

---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * Updated probe for ITB per Anand's question and that worked
      * SE
         * Installed vdt-dcache 3.0.1
         * Ran across issue with missing file 
            * Reported to storage group and will be fixed
   * FNAL
      * CE
          * Up to latest ITB and no problems
      * SE will probably be up before late next week
   * LBNL
   * UC_ITB
      * CE 
          * No issues
      * SE 
          * 
   * VDT Site 

---++ Testing
   * VTB/ITB testing
      * Next release will be GIP only to support standalone SE reporting
      * VTB testing next monday of VDT release
      * Planning on ITB testing wednesday and release a week after
   * ITB RSV probe
      * Problem in current probe due to file in the ca package causing probe to fail on ITB resources
      * Two solutions
         * New option in =config.ini= to specify which cache CA certs files are coming from
         * Check =osg-version= to determine which cache the CA certs files are coming
      * After discussion the second option was agreed upon as the approach that will be taken
   
---++ Documentation
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.ComputeElement][Compute Element Doc Status]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.Integration][Integration Doc Status]]
   * [[Trash/DocumentationTeam.DocQueue][Documentation Queue]] 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ComputeElementFirewalls][Firewalls page]]
      * Will review page next week since Horst
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.MonALISA][MonaLisa]] 
      * Removed from content management
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.EdgMkgridmapTroubleshootingGuide][Edg-mkgridmap troubleshooting]]
      * Iwona will edit 
      * Will review page next week
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/GlexecInstall][glexec install page]]
       * Will email Dave and ask him to attend documentation meeting tomorrow to discuss page
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE][CE Authorization page]]
      * Will email Mine and ask her to join documentation meeting tomorrow as well
   

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 08 Jul 2010