%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1329929013" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attending: Steven Timm, Suchandra, David, Rob, Andand, 
   * Apologies: Horst
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, April 3, 2007; 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meeting, MinutesAttributesMar27

---++ Status discussion
We will discuss the current status of the OSG attributes work, what are the pending/unresolved issues, what are the next steps.
   * No news about feedback from OSG users; no responses seen.
   * Interoperability - new mail from Burt indicating successful completion; clears way for CMS to install OSG 0.6.
   * Tools - there is a tool available for ldap browser.  There is a cemon wrapper that comes with VDT install that allows you to look at the GIPs. 
   * Anand: the configure-gip script has been fixed, to put into VDT for release by end of week.
   * Storage comments from Ted on making two other attributes critical.
   * We're ready to sign-off on the critical set of tests for OSG 0.6.
   * Next step would be to look at the Glue 1.3 attributes and make a proposal. 
   * What about John Roshek's comments about storage element ambiguities? 

---++ Action Items
   * Need to establish the convention on SE attributes.  Use the SE's in the ITB as a test case.  Rob will launch email.
   * Need to review original goals of this committee, MinutesAttributesMar13, assess how we did, prepare final report.
   * In this last regard, identification of the next steps.

---++ References
   * Attributes reference document, https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/GIPAttributes
   * SE best practices, https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Troubleshooting/StorageElementBestPractices
   * John R: storage element ambiguities, http://dev2-scan.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/show_results?grid=2
   * http://glueschema.forge.cnaf.infn.it/

-- Main.RobGardner - 03 Apr 2007
