%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1187037325" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: tbd
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes

---++ ITB 0.7.0 background
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.WebHome
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.SiteValidationTable

---++ Status and issues of core sites
   * FNAL
   * BNL
   * UC
   * CIT
   * LBNL
   * TTU

---++ Validation
Instructions for the Integration/ITB_0_7.SiteValidationTable for each service need to be created so that sites may begin checking off.

---++ Documentation
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.DocumentationTable: do we have a good starting point?
   * Pre-install fest editing needed.
   * Consider Anne's proposal,  DocsComm.AnnePre080Sandbox


-- Main.RobGardner - 13 Aug 2007
