%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026221" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, March 22, 2007
   * Last week: MinutesMar15;  Tuesday's attributes meeting: MinutesAttributesMar20; Monday's Gram testing meeting: MinutesWSGramMar19
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1111

---++ Attending
   * Suchandra, Rob, Alan, Neha, Ted, Burt, Preston/Purdue, Alain, Steve, Horst, Karthik, Anand, Stu, Doug, John, Xin
   * Apologies: Jeff

---++ VDT 1.6.1c update
   * Details of the update are here: http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.6.1/
   * From Alain:
<pre>
There are two reasons to do the update:

1) If you are running PBS or LSF, you should update the Gratia Probe
   with the appropriate command:

   pacman -update Gratia-PBS-Probe
   or
   pacman -update Gratia-LSF-Probe

2) If you are on a multi-homed host and the GIP reports your host name
   incorrectly, you need to update the program that configures the GIP:

   pacman -update Configure-GIP

   After this update you can set GLOBUS_HOSTNAME in your environment
   to be the host name you wish to report. Then, rerun the configure_gip
   script to have it report your host name correctly.

If these problems don't affect you, there is no need to update.
</pre>
   * No updates on ITB
   * Horst did an OSG 0.6 install yesterday - probably took this latest release.
   * Should we add sudors file creation to the config script?  Idea was not to originally, to not mess with security infrastructure of a site.  

---++ Discussion of OSG attributes
   * See MinutesAttributesMar20 and https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/GIPAttributes and related, [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Troubleshooting/StorageElementBestPractices][best practices for using a storage element]]
   * JeromeAttributes - comments from Jerome
   * Ted:
      * Looks like most information is needed is there, but not sure about the alg for creating url
      * Where in the schema does it say whether the full path, or root path for a VO, is published
      * Protocol endpoint - "some sites" have hostname, port; others have included just hostname.
   * Neha:
      * In case of fermigrid SE's, if srm protocols used the full path is needed; if gsiftp, part of the path is hidden from the user, auto appended.  And srm also has an option  to do this.
   * Can we decide on a convention for the root directory?  Then its a matter of how to control access.
   * Ted will review the minimal/critical set of attributes and make comments on the GIP attributes.
   * Alan will additionally review the attributes to make sure that critical ones identified also apply in an equivalent way to an SRM/DRM SE.
   * Anand will continue to monitor comments and will rationalize the to get to our minimal set of critical attributes.

---++ WS Gram testing update
   * See MinutesWSGramMar19 and https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/WSGramTesting
   * Suchandra re-running Globus-Nebraska tests, no probs so far.  1000 jobs submitted via Condor-G. 
   * Alan relays that Jeff was able to saturate a resource, https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/JeffTestPage
   * Question as to what are the limits before the container crashes.
   * Follow-up on Monday with Jeff - be sure to invite Martin Feller/ANL and Ravi/TTU.
   * Stu note that performance-wise Jeff's results look consistent; need to understand the failures.  Also - local improvements for connection-caching, etc, that if are relevant to OSG-type jobs then would devote more effort.

---++ Syslog and VTB update
   * See SysLogNg page for readiness plan and instructions.
   * Regarding putting into VDT, ET recommended testing first in VTB.  Need to explore configuration. 

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.RobGardner - 21 Mar 2007