%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985942" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Neha, Suchandra, Jeff, Anand, Marsha Teckenbrock, Burt, Xin, Chris Green, Tom, Rob Quick, Horst, Anne, Jay, Gabrielle
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Documentation (Anne)
   * Documentation group has a few questions on twiki and website:
      * Where do people enter the opensciencegrid.org or do people use the opensciencegrid.org site?
      * Does anyone go to main page of twiki?
   * Anne and Marsha would like any further suggestions or comments
   * Anne and Marsha may try bringing this up in site admins meeting or osg users mailing list
   
---++ Gratia report (Chris)
   * Wed. meeting didn't address everything so a followup meeting might be scheduled
   * Discussed BNL's requests:
      * Several ways to address requests (queues in batch systems tha support this, etc.) 
      * No generic way to do this but probes on gatekeeper can be modified to label things differently based on resource
   * Report that took several hours to generate required generating summary tables (a bit of a red herring due to the initial processing required to scan all records and generate summary table)
   * Need to collaborate with RSV team to determine the best way to coordinate efforts -- will be taken up in accounting meeting
   * *Gratia project is collecting requirements for future releases, interested parties should send requirements asap so that they can be considered*
    
---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * Biweekly meetings occurring with EGEE
   * Discussed operational testing issues
   * Burt will put up meeting minutes later
   * Short to medium term: SAM testing on ITB sites
   * G-lite software is being tested off and on as patching occurs
   * Want to move beyond testing ops test and test VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo software
      * CMS will try testing on FNAL ITB site
      * Other VOs encouraged to try testing as well
   * Request to have ITB representative in the EGEE production bdii 
       * Request so that production jobs can be sent to ITB site
       * Burt will get clarification since opposite request made previously 

---++ Dcache testing/release (Ted)
   * Site report:
      * UC_ITB 
         * installed dcache 2.1.2 release, ran into problems with client tools
         * working on resolving client tool issues with Neha
      * LBNL 
         * installed dcache 2.1.2 release
         * ran into problems validating but working with Neha on fixing this
      * BNL
         * will install next week
   * VTB meeting next week will go over further testing of ITB dcache installations
   * Yesterday's release has fixes for space reservations
   * Email sent to osg-integration list on using space reservations
   * Documentation on validating space reservations will be posted 
   * Neha wrote test suite for fermi clients, will make this available 
   * Testing focused on new patch, that fixes replica manager 
   * If everything looks good, RC2 candidate based on replica manager patches will be released 

---++ VDT update procedure 
   * Terrence and Alain couldn't make this

---++ WS-GRAM testing (Jeff)
   * See WSGramValidation for summary information
   * Server handles scaling well so far
   * Problems appeared on client load and client settings
   * Next steps include is VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo validation

---++ AOB
   * CEMon team is about ready to work on packaging new CEMon release
      * Wants ITB/VTB help in testing 
      * Would like to start packaging next week 
      * Would to have release tested and in osg 1.0
      * New release include storage and other information but infrastructure is the same
      * UC, BNL and Burt/Tony will provide some help for this 