%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1305819282" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Anupam, Karthik, Alain, Xin, Steve, 
   * Apologies: Horst,
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
      * No big changes
   * FNAL
      * No changes
   * OUHEP
      * No changes
      * Tweaking settings of HTPC to work with athena
   * UC_ITB
      * Bringing up hadoop/bestman2 SE
      * Will be switching xrootd SE to use rpms that storage group released
      * Updated and tested dcache gratia transfer probe updates
   * VDT
      * No updates
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
   * FNAL
   * OUHEP
   * UC_ITB
   * VDT

---++ VTB/ITB testing 
   * Upcoming changes
      * Worker node rpms
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/UsingVDTNativePackages][Documentation]]
         * Can be independently tested of pacman rpms
         * Not final but would like to push to production
      * Higher priority
         * VDT pacman updates
            * cleanup scripts for globus files
            * gatekeeper reniced to lower priority
            * tweaks to GRAM to work better
            * condor job manager patched to support accounting groups

---++ Documentation 
---+++ Current documentation
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.HardwareRecommendations][Hardware Recommendations]] 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ClientErrors][Client Errors]]
      * Karthik will review and update status
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.NetworkPerformanceToolkit][Network Performance Toolkit]]
      * Will email Horst
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ComputeElementPostInstall][CE Postinstall]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ManagedFork][Managed Fork]]
      * Suchandra will review and let Steve know
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.OperatingSystems][Operating Systems]]
      * Alain will check page
---+++ New documentation
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ConfigurationFileGIPExamples][GIP Configuration]]      
   * [[Documentation.AboutGUMS][About GUMS]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.LSFBatchSystemHints][LSF Batch hints]]
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.LocalAuthPreConfig][Local Auth Pre-configuration]]

---++ AOB


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 19 May 2011