%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486495171" format="1.1" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob Gardner, Suchandra, Arvind, Jeff, Terrence, Gabriele, Burt, Abhisek, Alain, Stu, Jay, Charles, Steven Timm, Xin
   * Apologies: Horst, Karthik
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome
      * Trash.ReleaseDocumentationSiteValidationTable

---++ Status of ITB 0.7.1 (Suchandra) 
   * Packages and cache - any changes needed?
      * most packages are in final state
      * potential bug in the configuration of the certs updater (Suchandra and Terrence are investigating)
   * *Sites:*
   * FNAL_FERMIGRID_ITB
       * Encountering problem with gip and pbs  (see VDT ticket 2959 ) 
   * BNL_ITB_Test1   
       * Updated to 0.7.1 without problems
       * Supporting all VOs 
   * UC_ITB
       * Currently updating to vdt 1.8.1a 
       * Will support all VOs
   * CIT_ITB_1
       * Michael Thomas not on call
   * LIGO-CIT-ITB
       * Will not be supported after the end of the week
   * TTU-TESTWULF
       * Updated to ITB 0.7.1, should be functional
   * UCSDT2-ITB1
       * Saw problems with cert updater

---++ VO validation (Abhishek)
   * Significant update from Nanohub and Engage
   * Nanohub only seeing problems on BNL site
   * DOSAR ran on OUHEP and CIT_LIGO successfully
   * CMS may run tomorrow
   * Compbiogrid has a problem with voms server, will run next week
   * Engage problems on a few sites (UCSD, CIT -- both responded, waiting on BNL), other sites were run successfully
   * DZero and CDF may just validate on a few systems due to time constraints ( contacting Parag @ DZero, and Rick @ CDF )
   * ATLAS validated on UC_ITB and is satisfied

---++ !ReSS validity (Gabriele)
   * http://home.fnal.gov/~garzogli/ReSS/ClassadValidity-ITB.html
   * Came up with a few other attributes that should be present
   * Testing for critical attributes and have attributes for other critical non-resource attributes but these aren't tested
   * Simple tests in place to test sanity of a few basic attributes (e.g. number of cpus > 0), some sites failed on these tests but these might be due to clients timing out
   * Currently being done by Gabrielle but would like to transition to goc 
   * Critical attributes are referring to critical attributes defined by subcommittee 
   * Gabriele believes that expressions are fairly lightweight since they are only evaluated when someone queries them 
   * Data can be cross referenced against bdii
   * Sites currently failing: UC_ITB, FNAL_FERMIGRID_TEST, LBNL_VTB, UCSDT2-ITB1
   * *Need to follow up with these sites*

---++ Other attributes issues (Anand? Gabriele?)
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/GenericInformationProviders#GlueCEUniqueID
   * Should we revive the AttributesSubcommittee to review/summarize agreed-to critical attributes in advance of OSG 0.8 deployment?
   * Gabriele and Anand discussed issues due to inconsistencies but this should be resolved in a new gip version
   * *A small group should get together to go through persistent ITB sites and see what attributes are being reported and their correctness* 

---++ RSV + Existing Condor (Arvind)
   * Condor-devel brought in because production condor installations (6.8.x) don't support cron functionality
   * RSV should use existing condor if user points to the a condor 6.9.x installation 
   * In general case condor should work, but there might be a conflict between Trash.ReleaseDocumentationManagedFork and RSV since both use the local universe
   * Scott Kronenfeld thinks this might not work, but Terrence will try it out on a system to check
 
---++ GUMS 1.2 update validation and other issues (Gabriele)
   * 3 tests done on gums
       * Alan Sill did a test install based on vdt 1.7.x to check scripts and functionality
       * A test based on vdt 1.8.x to check gip querying
       * A test based on vdt 1.8.1 by John Weigand to test upgrade process
   * Jay has some fixes and minor updates for GUMS 
   * Upgrade recommendation is to do a pacman -update
   * Case where old install with probes is being upgraded hasn't been tested

---++ WLCG interoperability (Burt)
   * Tony will be running another round of testing
   * Will be installing some client tools into app directories for interoperability
   * Won't get to validate storage elements in this cycle
   * Don't have effort to setup monitoring

---++ glexec testing status (Xin, Steven)
   * All good in vdt 1.8.1a 
   * Not manually included in osg worker client package

---++ Action items from VTB meeting
   * Squid validation (Suchandra) -- setup  and configured on UC_ITB site 
   * VORS cleanup (RobQ) -- appears to be done

---++ WS-GRAM testing deployment
   * VOs willing to run workflows through WS-GRAM (Suchandra, Jeff)
      * STAR 
          * will get report next week
      * LIGO
           * Britta is time constrained -- may not be possible  
           * discussing this with Karan (one of Pegasus developers)
   * Replicating earlier ws-gram work against ITB sites (Jeff)
      * will get report next week

---++ Documentation (Rob, Anne)
   * Areas that still need documentation:
      * WS Gram (server and especially client tool use)
      * glexec configuration and setup -- Steven Timm has this 
      * osg client tools
   * Doc-fest prep and meeting
      * Will have meeting next Thursday and Friday to work on this
      * Meeting at Fermilab ( Alain Roy,Rob G, Suchandra, Anne) 
   * Documentation review / changes

---++ AOB
   * none


-- Main.RobGardner - 11 Oct 2007