%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1229029065" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  John Weigand, Anand, Jeff, Karthik, Steve, Feng Ping, Alain Roy, Rob Quick
   * Apologies:  Horst, 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
 
---++ ITB Ticketing (Rob Q)
   * OIM now supports capturing additional information (resource information, contact information, support centers)
      * VDT integration
      * potential to move ITB 
   * Will query ITB list 
   * Rob will give a short brief on new ticketing

---++ ITB Activity Planning (Suchandra)
   * VDT 
      * Waiting on new gip release (expected early next week)
      * Test cache is almost ready (globus not completely in place)
      *  Updates should be simplified due to new vdt work
   * VTB should be ready to do testing next

---++ AOB 
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 05 Nov 2008