%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284997" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob Gardner, Suchandra, Tony Tiradani, Gabriele, Horst, Anand, Xin, Brita, Alain, Ted
   * Apologies: Chris Green, Burt Holzman, Jeff Porter
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Dcache testing/release (Ted)
   * Patch 12p4 released as RC2 
       * Replica manager working in this release
       * Dcache now feature complete for next release
       * Test sites don't need to upgrade until they pass Ted and Neha's test suites
   * Site reports:
      * LBNL
      * BNL
         * Installed dcache 2.1.2 
         * Got error message as previously reported but those errors are superfluous
         * Will verify using test suite before opening site for VO tests
         * Currently has 50GB of space available
     * UC
         * Installed dcache 2.1.3 
         * Ran into problems with with public/private hostname resolution
         * Will work with Ted to fix that
   * VO Testing
       * When sites are validated, vo testing will start
       * Another week away
       * Will have ancillary meeting next week to discuss further steps

---++ WS-GRAM testing (Jeff)
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/WSGramValidation

---++ CEMon update status (Gabriele)
   * Development completed
   * CEMon available in rpm from glite developers
   * Work is continuing with Alain in regards to packaging for VDT, will have meeting on monday to discuss packaging
   * Work is continuing on schedule, should be ready for osg 1.0 release
 
---++ VDT Update (Alain)
   * Date set for OSG 1.0 (May 1st)
   * VDT release will occur 6 weeks before that (Mar 17th)
   * Will try to get a point release between release and OSG release
   * One major goal in this release will be to link against the system openssl rather than openssl distributed with vdt
   * New version of VOMS and  VOMS admin
   *  SAZ may be added if time permits 
   * Alain still working on a list of new features that in this release
   * Requesting a few vtb cycle in the next few week
   * Will continue discussion at next week's 
   
---++ Site Admins meeting/All hands meeting
   * [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1037][All hands meeting link]]
   * Any volunteers for lighting talks should contact Rob Gardner 
   * Site admins meeting will replace ITB meeting next week from now to prepare for all hands meeting
    * Reminder will be sent out to the osg-sites list next week

---++ AOB
   * GIP weekly meeting
   
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 06 Feb 2008