%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1265322304" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Doug, Iwona, Poonam, Scot, Jose, Horst, Karthik,  Mine, Steve, Marco, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Panda/ITB Framework (Jose/Maxim)
   * VDT Site 
      * Still waiting for site to come up (waiting for pool to be set up on resource)
   * OUHEP_ITB
      * May have run panda jobs before
      * Maxim will check to see if queue is defined and will  define configuration for the site if not setup
   * TTU_Testwulf
      * Poonam is also interested in 
      * Maxim needs job manager information
   * LBNL 
      * WN issue setup has been resolved
      * bug in pilot script exposed by LBNL setup, the bug has been fixed
   * UC_ITB 
      * output transfer issue has been resolved, panda jobs look fine now
   * FNAL
       * Jose had a discussion with Steve, will try to use myproxy and an approach similar to what glide-in wms does
   * Jose will also add an option to allow output from job to be staged out to local gridftp server

---++ VTB Testing
   * VTB Sites
      * LBNL
      * UC_ITB
      * VDT 
   * ATLAS validation
      * UC_ITB
      * Marco was able to succesfully use lcg-updates
  *   
---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * All operations normal
   * FNAL
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Everything running okay
   * LBNL
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Everything running okay aside from the ITB panda issue with the worker nodes
   * UC_ITB
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Everything running okay
   * VDT Site
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Condor has just been installed, not fully functional but will be by the next cycle 
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
   * FNAL
      * Running normal, no changes 
      * Running ITB 1.1.17
   * UC_ITB
      * Running  normally, on ITB 1.1.17
   * LBNL
      * Everything running normally, on ITB 1.1.17
   * VDT Site
      * Condor pool needs to be setup
      * Everything else is ready

---++ ITB postmortem (Suchandra)
   * Some confusion due to OSG 1.2.5 / 1.2.6 changes
      * Needed to redo some of the testing due to the cycle being restarted
      * Due to the length of the cycle / nature of how things went

---++ Open Issues (Iwona)
   * CEMon slow shutdown
      * Scot will talk to Tim about this issue

---++ Ticketing systems
   * Scot - no ability to add himself as assigned or cc
       * Suchandra talk to Arvind to get this
   * Hard to determine who owns a ticket 
   * Sorting by VO not very useful
   * Search not very useful, brings up tickets from osg ticket system
   * Suchandra will discuss with Rob Quick

---++ RFCs  / Configure-osg changes (Suchandra)
---+++ RFC 4 - remove Install Locations
    * Remove from config.ini but will still be honored if present
---+++ RFC 5 - restrict values for authorization_method
    * Unavailable can be changed to localgridmap
    * Changes to setting values and/or creating Security section will be put off and discussed in a future release
---+++ RFC 6 - remove condor_config and condor_location from Managed Fork Section
   * Functionality to use another location is not present
   * Functionality may be added later, so removing settings may not be the best option
   * Remove from config.ini but will still be honored if present

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 28 Jan 2010

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 03 Feb 2010