%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1329929015" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob Q, Tom, Rob G, Doug, Alain, Jeff, Burt, Arvind
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Updates to VDT (Alain)
   * http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.8.1/release.html
   * VDT 1.8.1d - mostly for the PHP security flaw (shipped w/ Apache, though not used in OSG)
      * Alain's judgement is that its low risk, though Rob Q will bring to security officer
   * stunnel - used to encrypt communication for syslog-ng; ready to start testing
   * few other small bug fixes
   * RSV meeting for suggestions in the next release.  V2 project plan under contruction. 
   * VDT 1.8.1e...in the works; only one thing planned, probably next week. (non CE upgrade)
   * Digging into VDT 1.8.2 (early January): not much time; primary things are support for new platforms - eg Debian; Suse9, and smoothing things from the current release.
   * Want to version probe independently from VDT. 
   * RSV to SAM forwarding - some tests in progress, Arvind will resume work on this.  Will send ITB data by next week. 
   * Storage - 1.8 srm 2.2 and space reservation in dcache.


---++ OSG 0.8 deployment issues, campaign 
   * Have setup a page at the GOC -  https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Troubleshooting/CampaignSiteInstallation - submits a ticket.
   * 7 sites upgraded OSG 0.8
   * Seven RSV sites reporting
   * Few sites providing syslog-ng
   * No major bugs

---++ OSG site admins meeting
   * Rob, Rob, Alain to discuss on Monday.



---++ Documentation
   * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome 
   * ReleaseDocumentation.ReviewStatus, ReleaseDocumentation.FormattingRules
   * GuidanceOnReviewingDocumentationMessage
   * Meeting on Tuesday afternoon to review the documentation
      * 2:30 pm central
      * Alain, Rob, Operations folks, CMS admin?- Burt will put  call; I'll ask Horst
 
---++ AOB
   * *No meeting next week.*

-- Main.RobGardner - 13 Nov 2007
