%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285000" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, May 3, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesApr19;  Tuesday's VTB meeting: MinutesMay1
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Rob G, David (Georgetown), Martin, Stu, Suchandra, Burt, John R, David@LIGO, Alan Sill, Jeff Porter, Xin, Anand, Shaowen
   * Apologies: none, but there was the Condor Week 

---++ WS gram configuration (David)
   * See AddendaToInstallingAndConfiguringGlobusWebServices
   * Recommendations for change of key parameters for ws-gram - to improve performance.  container-threads-max par, set  to 100  - solves problems.   A second was java heapspace. 256MB not enough.  Set to 1024MB better, if possible. 
   * Need to document the setting of the number of inodes.
   * Alan @ TTU sites will implement - David will follow with larger scale testing.
   * David noted that two production LIGO cluster admins balked on setting the amount of memory required.  Would like some reasonable testing.
   * David is going to run the full inspiral analysis on those sites - and will get monitoring results back.

---++ VTB resource at UC
   * Using a Tier3 resource at UC.  Setup a condor phantom queue, with 92 slots available.  uct3-edge5.uchicago.edu, OSG 0.6.0 with WS-gram recommendations.  
   * Checking out with Martin currently.  Martin - able to submit a simple job.
   * Using a local gridmapfile in order to submit jobs.   

---++ Logging infrastructure
   * Logging server on uct3-edge5.  Working on a revised configuration by the end of the day.

---++ WS gram testing
   * WSGramValidation060
   * WSGramTestSites
   * Jeff asking for more information about the server information from the sites CIT, UNL, and UC.
   * Jeff has a small site that is targeted for testing as a server @ LBL - hope to have it available at the end of the day.
   * Martin will test with osg-test2 as the client, to UC and CIT.


---++ CMS phantom queues
   * Offer from Frank for UCSD condor phantom
   * Burt notes that so long as the phantom jobs are sleep jobs we can use the FNAL queues.


---++ Squid installation question
   * Alan S has questions - wonder if there's a problem with an install on a separate machine, followed by running configure-osg.
   * Will contact Suchandra offline.


---++ Storage monitoring progress
   * There is a new SE monitoring service provided by Alex Simm.
   * Alan will forward info to the ITB.
   * John R: has been working on the GOC-based system.  Mostly dealing with site attribute configuration settings.  Will have a summary available for next week.  
   * OSG client package is not sent with the gatekeeper.  Also need ldap certs on gatekeeper.  =srm-client= utitlity is expected to be there by a GIP script (affects dcache sites, and sites that have setup WN-client and server software).
   * There is a space available attribute not being filled correctly.
   * How do we know if the SE has dcache or not?  Which endpoints are required/expected? *Need to follow-up with Shaowen, Ted H (osg-storage), Anand, etc.*
   * Xin notes a OSG SE/dCache setup at BNL.


---++ GIP, attributes news (Anand)
   * Nothing too much new to report.
   * Starting to work on Glue 1.3 - contacting Sergio to find the current state.


---++ Interoperability (Burt)
   * Getting lsf sites interoperable has been a challenge.
   * Not gauranteed what environment you get on the worker-node.  We need to follow-up with Alain on this.  Probably should be discussed at a VDT meeting.
   * We should have a standard environment set.


---++ AOB
   * David will chair meeting next week as Rob has an ATLAS Tier2 meeting.
   * Q about srm-replica location service integration - anyone got experience?


-- Main.RobGardner - 02 May 2007