%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284996" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Integration template. Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic! --> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%


%TOC%

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

---++ Introduction

   * Attendees: Jeff, Abhishek, Suchandra, Xin, Tanya, Alain, Britta, Rob, Karthik, Charles
   * Apologies: Arvind, Rob Q., Horst,
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 4:00pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 

---++ VDT update schedule

   * vdt 1.10.0a update will be in a day or two
      * delay due to resolving script crashing 
      * will not include the new SGE WS gram support
   * vdt 1.10.1 release is planned for later 
      * some structural changes for VOMS 
      * may combine with a new pacman release

---++ Validation Table Review
 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB090/SiteValidationTable][Validation Table]]
      * Central services links
         * Linked pages should be scrubbed of old ITB sites - use either current persistent or test ITB (Suchandra will contact Rob Q.)
         * ress link is currently broken (Tanya will check on that)
         * Gratia link show rather large numbers
      * Persistent CE site list
         * Currently we have 4 sites planned: 
            * FNAL - has SRM dcache, is ready?  
            * BNL - CE is ready. need to test RSV and update dCache
            * UC  - CE is ready, need to update dCache  
            * LBNL - some unsupported OS issues, will be ready by Thursday, will link with bestman
         * Others can choose to run targeted tests or join the persistent group     
      * Validate Instructions
         * LBNL_VTB has run most of the instructions. Will continue to review 
         * Review/update RSV instructions - specifically for use of the service cert - is needed.
         * testing the setup of a local Gratia collector is orphaned. Charles will look at it. 
         * UC site will have Squid service
      * SE Validations
         * should have column for new SE RSV probe (both dcache and bestman)
         * link in updated validation instructions
      * Documentation
         * we'll proceed as last time via [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB090/][ITB090]] pages and perhaps calling a documentation-fest for later 
         * Rob will get rid of the old documentation table for all time

---++ VO Validation Readiness: User group report

   * Validation table is ready for given sites. 
      * wish to add note-page per VO for VO input
      * Jeff will work with Britta and Abhishek coordinating VO and Site Admin contacts
   * VO will be contacted later this week saying sites will be ready for validation next week

---++  AOB

   * Storage Implementation
      * currently open on ITB - VO can use what is there
      * how to implement opportunistic storage?  Tanya will look at documentation for scenarios and report back



%STOPINCLUDE%



-- Main.JeffPorter - 22 Apr 2008