%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1144956508" format="1.0" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Integration meeting, April 7, 2006
	* Last meeting: MinutesApr7
	* Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
	* Coordinates: %RED%Thursday 2:30pm  Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212 %ENDCOLOR%


---++Attending
	Leigh, Rob G, Marco, Gabriele, Preston, Wayne, 

---++Agenda

	* Application Validation, SiteValidationTableITB036 Now.. SiteValidationTableITB037
	* Documentation: [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/DocumentationTable036][Doc's list]]
	* GRIS debugging
	* CEMon discussion: [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/ResourceSelection][Resource Selection]]  for 0.6.0 Gabriele Garzoglio
	* AOB 


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.LeighGrund - 13 Apr 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%

