%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284999" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Integration template. Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic! --> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%


%TOC%

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

---++ Introduction

   * Attendees: Jeff, Ted, Burt, Anand, Abhishek, Steve, Suchandra, Xin, Tim
   * Apologies: Horst, Karthik
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 4:00pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 

---++  Software Status 

   * VDT update planning (Tim)
      * hope to cut release tomorrow which includes
         * update to glexec appears to be ready - still testing it
              * Steve asked about symlink on 64 bit machine, He tested it and found that it is Not fixed. 
         * bestman updates
         * gratia probes updates
      * GIP patches (e.g. for pbs) aren't in yet but should be sent to vdt team tonight or tomorrow. Can release wait? 
   * Configure-osg.py  
      * Is it ready as _the_ configuration tool for release with OSG-1.0?
      * Should configure-osg.sh be officially deprecated? 
      * Suchandra plans on including links to configure-osg.sh docs in main documentation
     

---++ Site/Service Validation Status (Jeff)

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB090/SiteValidationTable][Validation Table]]
      * Interoperability: Trying to overcome manpower vacuum last week, just now able to excersize some of the ITB compute elements 
         * some problems not finding wn-client softarefor  globus file transfer
         * some ITBs (CIT & Purdue) appear to not support ops VO
         * may be an operational issue with BDII flushing data at a faster rate than CEMon updates 
         * storage elements test had some problem at fermigrid, while UC & BNL SE's didn't support OPS VO 
      * SE validation table
         * RSV probe requires update for directory name change
         * FNAL-SE validated other categories successfully.     
         * BNL found problems with Replica manager reported to Storage Group
         * UC will continue validating gratia & report later in the week
         * LBNL - most columns are not applicable to Bestman, though it is passing nightly tests. Working on GIP configuration


---++ VO Validations (Abhishek)

   * Green lights from 7 of the 12 participating VOs.  
      * DZero (1 of the 7) & LBNL are still debugging what looks like a site-specific (non-OSG) issue
   * Atlas and CMS are limiting tests to their own ITB sites and will likely sign off soon
   * Engage and SBGrid appear satisfied but may or may not still test opportunistic storage
      * Jeff and Abhishek think they should try to finish up by Thursday's meeting
   * CDF 
      * successfully tested SE on 3 of 4 with the essential problem having been a fnal/kerberos non-osg bug. 
      * successfully tested CE on 3 of 5 sites and will hopefully wrap up Validation this week

---++ Documentation

   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB090/ReviewStatus][Review Status]]

---++ AOB

%STOPINCLUDE%

-- Main.JeffPorter - 27 May 2008