%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1193835106" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: William, Rob, Neha, Suchandra, Feng, Ted, Jeff, Burt, Rob, Gabriele, Horst, Karthik, Steve, Arvind, Charles, Allan, Stu, Anand, Xin, Michael, Abhishek
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes

---++ ITB 0.7.0 background
   * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome
   * ReleaseDocumentation.SiteValidationTable   <--- Please update w/ latest

---++ Follow-up from Tusday
   * MinutesAug28


---++ Storage validation issues (Neha, Alex Sim)
   * Review of srm-tester results
   * Problems with =srmcopy-gsiftp=.  The client being used is =srmcp=.  Works okay srm-to-srm, but not if the source is gsiftp.
   * *Neha will start a thread on this topic on osg-storage and osg-int* 

---++ WS Gram troubleshooting (Stu) 
   * Jeff - testing OSG 0.7 client - getting it work after firewall changes on his submit host.
   * Neha is testing various setups - problem is submission via Condor-G to certain ITB sites - sometimes an exception is thrown.
   * Is the documentation set up to date?
   * Lets pin down the use case where this is failing - seems to be an old error, a security error, look at the server-side logs too.
   * To follow-up: Suchandara.
   * Burt notes that there are problems with CE on an NFS shared system.  Scheduler places a =globus-fork.lock=, another process tries to acquire the lock, never gets released.  Jobs hang.  If we can't resolve, we need to advise.  Jeff will try this out.  Alan notes that it doesn;t happen.

---++ Status of RSV (Arvind)
   * There are status web for a set of services, available for site-level "dashboarding",  http://www.nhn.ou.edu/~karunach/status.html
   * Only two sites have check off.
   * 5 sites have successfully uploaded probe results to the GOC.
   * Neha's site has a problem. Karthik's as well - working on these.
   * There are some updates for VDT 1.8.1, in particular the status page of results (to have historical results, and a per host basis), and any other by-hand fixes required now.
  * Please send comments/feedback.
  * Probes to be developed - community-wise - in SVN.
  * Note - results do depend on having a valid proxy - this will need refreshing (for the monitoring resource only).  

---++ Status of BDII/GIP and interoperability (William, Burt)
   * Issues affecting interoperability.
   * We are partially publishing into BDII - incomplete.   
   * Patches given to Alain.
   * Need to apply patch to the configure-gip.
   * What do to validating GIP information.
   * Feng's issue: site name not appearing correctly in VORS - caps got used.

---++ GUMS (Gabriele)
   * Alan Sill is available to install GUMS.  Its VDT 1.8.1.

---++ VORS issues (!RobQ)
   * Update for interoperability, http://vors.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/show_ldap_info_pps.cgi 
   * Registration of sites: Caltech - needs to be changed, to do.
   * Purdue - not registered properly.
   * Brian Tierney's site not appropriate.

---++ Status of VO access to ITB sites
   * Are the instructions sufficient?
   * VORS is being used by VO's to see what sites they can run on, but VORS is using site-verify.
   * Can a VO authenticate?
   * Can a VO write into $APP, $DATA, $WN_TMP?

---++ VO validations (Abhishek, Charles)
   * SDSS has succeeded on 8/11 sites.
   * VO validation table - Charles.
   * Charles will re-organize the tables, separating test sites from sites ready for VO validation.

---++ Documenation issues (Anne)
   * Suggestions during meeting:
      * osg-client needs a little work for condor-g
      * Alan will provide instructions for SE install guide for Bestman
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation/DocumentationTable][Doc table]] split into pieces
   * Topics split into separate docs with includes
   * Concatenation docs made for "about release", "prepare to install", and "install CE"
   * maybe need ones for "post-install CE" and "install SE"?
   * overview doc updated but needs more work
   * I need guidance on category "where do these go"

   * Google custom search added to left bar for main and Documentation; I don't have access to ReleaseDocumentation/WebLeftBar
   * I need to remove it on various indiv pages in itb07 area

   * [[Documentation/WebHome][Doc hub]] updated (point to itb07 for testing, will be fixed to point to rel doc)
   * [[Documentation/AdminDocHub][resource/service provider doc hub]] updated
      * I'd like a site admin to look through these and give feedback
   * Charles B is assigned to work on consolidating troubleshooting info
   * OSG website menu structure changed for leading people to doc

Questions
   * what conf calls and meetings should a site admin attend (regularly or occasionally)?  (integ, troubleshoot, ...?
   * what are recommened lists to belong to?  Need review/update of [[Documentation/MailingListsSubscribe]]
   * same question for a voms admin
   * do we want to point to any doc on how to set up a cluster?
   * Is there a DiscoveryServiceInstallation doc?  (a pointer is in the ceinstallguide)
   * Edu web has some general answers to (user) questions: how to start, monitor, cancel, get results from a job? [[Documentation/EndUserDocHub#Using_the_Grid]].  Are these right for 080? (globusrun-ws -submit ..., globus-job-run..., condor_submit..., condor_submit_dag...).  How to handle? 

---++ AOB
   * Tuesday's meeting will focus on the ws-gram troubleshooting.
   * Next Thusday's meeting will focus on VO validation.


-- Main.RobGardner - 30 Aug 2007