%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486500653" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Karthik, Anand, Scot, Horst
   * Apologies: Xin
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
      * Updated to new RSV package 
      * Will check to see if timeouts reoccur
   * FNAL 
      * Updating to new RSV packages on gatekeepers
      * Adding HTPC support
      * Testing CA certs
      * Working on debugging and tracking down timeouts
   * OUHEP
      * Updated to latest RSV packages
      * Seeing an issue with the GIP freshness probe
      * Waiting for example condor submit  
   * UC_ITB
      * Will be updating to new RSV version this afternoon
   * VDT
      * No changes


---+++ This Week
   * BNL
      * No updates
      * Will check to see if timeouts reoccur
   * FNAL 
      * No timeouts with updated RSV 
      * 
   * OUHEP
      * No updates
      * Will be working on getting site integrated into ITB robot again
   * UC_ITB
      * No changes
   * VDT
      * No changes
   
---++ Upcoming Testing (Scot)
   * Changes coming up:
      * Bestman/Bestman 2 updates
      * Gratia SGE probe fix
      * Condor-cron lock file changes
      * Globus-gatekeeper nice level will be changed to 20
      * Changes to gatekeeper to add random sleep to prevent synchronized access to central service
      * Script to clean up leftover globus files
   * There will be a lull in ITB testing (after April 11, possibly later)

---++ Documentation 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.HardwareRecommendations][Hardware Recommendations]] 
      * No updates
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationInstallAndConfigureRSV][RSV Configuration]]
      * Suchandra will be reviewing, should be done by EOB Friday 
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationKnownIssues][Known Issues]]
      * Suchandra will update, let Steve know when the page is done
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationReusingConfigurationInformation][Reusing Configuration]]
      * Scot will be working on this, 

---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 31 Mar 2011
