%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1264112828" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  Suchandra, Doug, Maxim, Jose, Horst, Karthik, Rob Gardner, Iwona,  Scot, Xin 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Panda/ITB Framework (Jose/Maxim)
   * Jose has updated the pilot code to cut on unnecessary output in log files, testing under way
   * UC ITB running as before
   * BNL and LBNL ITB sites have healthy pilot queues and are ready for ITB job submission
   * UW ITB is awaiting Condor installation
   * FNAL ITB pending glexec integration into ITB pilot (Jose)
   * More sites to be added to Panda/ITB?
   * Maxim is working on Panda/ITB monitoring, work in progress
   * OU_HEP would like to participate in ITB 
   * *Action Item:* Standard tags in job output 
   * VDT ITB site won't have condor installed for OSG 1.2.6

---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL
   * FNAL
      * No major changes
   * UC_ITB
      * No major changes
   * VDT Site
   * LBNL
      * Updated to VTB, no problems
      * Issue with bdii reporting and collating at goc 
      * MyOSG gip entry is oscillating between green and red
      * Updating to ITB, 1.1.17
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
      * Ran into failure when updating, config.ini overwritten
         * Scot has a fix and will incorporate 
      * Still at ITB 1.1.16
   * FNAL
   * UC_ITB
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.17
      * SEs up and will undergo testing tomorrow.
   * LBNL
      * Installed a fresh ITB 1.1.17 
      * Can't test update due to an error in the update procedure
         * Procedure has been corrected
      * Will need to be careful when doing an update for the next ITB cycle due to possibility of having a VDT package from the wrong cache
      * Storage element update worked correctly     
   * VDT Site
      * Condor won't be up for OSG 1.2.6 update

---++ ITB testing
   * Testing started Jan 11 for OSG 1.2.6
      * Notes [[Integration.ITB1117Documentation][available]] 
      * Under time pressure to get this out before LHC restart
      * Major open issues
         * Error with condor on update
            * Corrected and verified
         * GIP
            * Need to get verification from information group
         * SGE VDT Updater bug
            * Can be marked as a known bug if can't be resolved 
            * Steve ran into the same problem
            * Not a showstopper
            * Scot is debugging this 
         * Condor security patch
            * Condor-cron is affected 
         * Gratia probe update
            * Fixes a data loss error
         * Configure-osg 
            * config.ini gets overwritten
               * Scot is incorporating a fix for this into the vdt updater
            * changes to config.ini need to be verified as working on other systems
         * Xrootd bug
            * Workaround present on ReleaseDocumentation
   * ITB sites participating in this cycle:
      * FNAL
      * OU_HEP 
      * LBNL
      * UC_ITB

---++ Open Issues / Tickets (Iwona)
   * ITB tickets
      * 68 - configure_managedfork
         * Can't be used, RFC to remove this needs to
      * 73 - rsv_nagios file default
         * Waiting from Michael Thomas
      * 145 - BDII logs
      * 65 - sudo user in sudo-example.txt
         * Open and needs to be verified
      * 97 - VO names incomplete
      * 131 - certificate.supportedvo.verify probe
         * GOC will need to fix this
      * 140 authorization_method restrictions 
         * RFC process will need to be done before change
      * 141 sudo file for bestman
         * Feature request, being delayed for a later release
      * 143 ini files distribution
         * Discussion will need to discussed 
      * 144 check condor settings for consistency
         * Same as 68
      * 132 gums probe issue
         * Following up on this with John 
      * 115 gums template not being pulled by GUMS
      * 43 UI hangs when database not available
         * Will be resolved in GUMS 1.3.17
      * 80 config.ini validation for GIP 
         * Delayed until RFC process is started for this
      * 113 GUMS documentation
         * John Hoover indicates that this is a VDT issue
         * Scot is following up on this
      * 56 converting gums.config from GUMS 1.1 to GUMS 1.3
         * John Hoover has closed this
      * 84 Bestman documentation
         * Tanya is addressing this 
      * 133 Se configuration issues
         * Pushed until after OSG 1.2.6
   
   * Will have a larger ITB discussion after cycle completes   
      * Issues in the ticket get discussed in mailing list and ticket doesn't get updated with information from mailing list discussion


---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 20 Jan 2010
