%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229444158" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, February 1, 2007
   * Last meeting: VirtualWorkshopJan07 and MinutesJan18
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Ananand, DavidM, Eric, Forrest, Gabriele, Jeff, JohnR, JohnW, Karthik, MichaelT, PhilippeC, SteveT, Suchandra, Tanya, Tim, Xin
   * Apologies: Alain, Horst, RobG, 
   * Spare list
      * %GRAY% John W, Chris G., Ananand, Eric, Shaowen, Rob, Suchandra, Steve T., Burt, Alain, David M., John R, Forrest, Gabriele, Tanya, Doug, Karthik, Alan S, Rob Q %ENDCOLOR%


---++ Overview of the validation (David M)
   * See SiteValidationTableITB052
   * David requests each site admin rerun site_verify.pl to ascertain their site is properly configured.
   * A few misconfigured sites have been detected in the last day.
   * VO application validation to begin ASAP.
---++ Reports from Sites on ITB 0.5.2 (ITB site admins)
   * Highlights:
      * Grow_ITB site should not be used. A re-installation of the OSG 0.5.2 cache will occur next week after a disk reformatting.
      * FNAL_FERMIGRID_TEST was configured today and should now be stable.
      * ITB_INSTALL_TEST_3 may be mis-configured in GridEx. David to contact the GridEx folks.
      * The two PBS sites are off-line due to the problem related to env. vars and the Globus-PBS driver. Alain is investigating the problem.
      * UC_T2DEV_ITB is actually managed by Suchandra.
---++ Progress on CEMon stability issue (Tanya)
   * Tanya reports that with 24 hours of testing, no site with yesterday's  patch has had a memory problem and all of those sites are reporting to FNAL.
---++ Progress on CEMon reporting to BDII (John R, JohnW and Gabriele)
   * JohnR has completed code to map VO names to site names and tested this code.
   * David recommends testing secure transport of BDII information from an ITB site to the BDII aggregator at IU.  Data is now sent in the clear.
   * JohnW has added config information to support log4j logging so that systems admins can determine when a site has communicated with the BDII aggregator.
   * Gabriele asks for input on how development should proceed. Here is his description of the trade-offs from an email exchange with Alain:
<verbatim>
     >HI Alain,
      >
      >Alain Roy wrote:
      >1) We test that CEMon works with the LDIF output and we use it for
      >DBII, for the time being, instead of the RAW format. The ...
      >...snip...
      >... uses the resource broker to submit a job that requires access to
      >the SE. I don't know how common this is expected to be.
      >
      >OK, this is my understanding too. This seems to me the only reason
      >to push for raw. Who makes the call on whether pushing for it or not?
      >
      >2) CEMon developers would like to see our deployment move to 1.7.11,
      >eventually. One option is for us to take CEMon 1.7.11 ...
      >...snip...
      >... have things changed enough to make my estimate unrealistic, or
      >do you simply believe that it requires extensive testing?
      >
      >If we decide to move to a new CEMon (e.g. 1.7.11), we'd need to do
      >extensive testing. Plus redo the configuration work. Maybe a month
      >is too much... but it is probably weeks, not days.
      >
      >3) We (ReSS) help John Roshek to backport the RAW dialect to vdt
      >1.7.2. Tanya is looking at the code. This would imply for ...
      >...snip...
      >... sound hard in the abstract, but I may not be aware of what is
      >needed. It certainly sounds easier than a month of testing.
      >
      >The dependencies and structure of CEMon has changed from 1.7.2. The
      >code for the RAW format is trivial, using the packages of 1.7.11.
      >However, Tanya has played with the code for half an hour, using the
      >RAW plugin from v1.7.11 and, even if it compiles with the v1.7.2
      >code base, it does not run. This is a small development project.
      >
      >If people are happy with using the LDIF dialect (option 1), we could
      >release vdt 1.6.1a this way. Then, for the next version, we test a
      >more recent versions of CEMon, which include the raw dialect.
      >
      >Cheers
      >GAbriele
      >
      >-alain
</verbatim>
---++ Gratia accounting (Philippe)
   * Philippe reports over 90% of the ITB successfully installed the GratiaProbe and are reporting to the aggregator. He believes this component is ready to go.
---++ Grid exerciser results (David)
   * David will update the GridEx column tomorrow based upon the GridEx stats tonight as there is some reconfiguration work that has occurred in the last day.
---++ WS Gram validation (Jeff P, Suchandra)
   * Jeff retracts the results he posted via email in the last day.
   * There was a clock skew error at his measurement site when he tested ws-gram. That problem has been fixed and Jeff will test again this week and report.
---++ Other ITB 0.5.2 issues
   * Steve Timm requested working voms-proxy-xxx clients on 64 bit platforms. Tim believes the 32 bit code should work on 64 bit machines. This needs to be tested.
   * Steve has requested that a syntax problem exists related to GUMS:
      * The dash "-" should be supported in VO names.
      * The dot "." should be supported in VO names.
      * ACTION ITEM:  Ransome and Oscar need to be contacted to work this issue.
---++ Documentation (Jeff, Forrest, John W)
   * What is the state of DocumentationTable?
   * Jeff will due a fast first pass through the OSG 0.5.2 install guide and initial and date each section that needs attention. Then we will put together a team to revise this
document as a top priority. Steve T and John W discussed the priority of needing to run configure_osg.sh prior to running vdt-control during initial configuration and that this
fact is not documented yet.

---++ State of the VDT (Tim)
   * Work is proceeding on VDT 1.6.1a which will have a number of bug fixes. 
      * Schedule for VDT 1.6.1a soon but could be a week away.
      * A Validation Test Bed installation will occur as soon as VDT 1.6.1 a is ready.
      * PBS fix is still being worked. Not completed yet.

---++ RT Roundup
   * Handles all of these in the preceding sections.

---+++!! *References*
   * Validation testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}% 
   * Integration testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}%
   * You can access these without authentication with [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/RSS/itb.rss][RSS feeds]].
   * Full RT access at BNL requires registration, which you can do by sending email to RT-RACF-UserAccounts@bnl.gov and asked to be placed in the OSG-VTB and OSG-ITB queues.

-- Main.RobGardner - 31 Jan 2007