%META:TOPICINFO{author="ArvindGopu" date="1192735631" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * ITB 0.7 background
      * Integration/ITB_0_7.WebHome
      * Integration/ITB_0_7.SiteValidationTable

---++ Status of ITB 0.7.1 (Suchandra) 
   * Packages and cache - any changes needed?
      * follow-up *potential bug in the configuration of the certs updater (Suchandra and Terrence are investigating)*
   * *Sites:*
   * FNAL_FERMIGRID_ITB
      * Follow-up: *Encountering problem with gip and pbs  (see VDT ticket 2959 )*
   * BNL_ITB_Test1   
   * UC_ITB
   * CIT_ITB_1
   * TTU-TESTWULF
   * UCSDT2-ITB1
      * Follow-up: *Saw problems with cert updater*

---++ VO validation (Abhishek)
   * Follow-up: *Engage problems on a few sites (UCSD, CIT -- both responded, waiting on BNL)*, other sites were run successfully

---++ Report from attributes meeting (Suchandra, Gabriele, Anand)
   * See minutes at MintuesVTBOct16
   * Sites currently failing: UC_ITB, FNAL_FERMIGRID_TEST, LBNL_VTB, UCSDT2-ITB1 *Need to follow up with these sites*

---++ WS-GRAM testing deployment
   * *Follow-up on these issues*
   * VOs willing to run workflows through WS-GRAM (Suchandra, Jeff)
      * STAR 
          * will get report next week
      * LIGO
           * Britta is time constrained -- may not be possible  
           * discussing this with Karan (one of Pegasus developers)
   * Replicating earlier ws-gram work against ITB sites (Jeff)
      * will get report next week

---++ RSV status (Arvind)
   * RSV SAM reporting status update
      * Sample record uploaded from OSG side to SAM. 
      * Efforts ongoing between Arvind and James/David/Piotr to automate process from ITB RSV collector to other end. On our end, we've clarified what needs to be sent and will write code to make it happen; on their side they need to do some code mods to allow data that conforms to the WLCG specs 0.91 (that we'll be sending -- their system is not tweaked fully to comply with the specs yet).
   * Any *follow-up* on the issue:
      * Condor-devel brought in because production condor installations (6.8.x) don't support cron functionality; RSV should use existing condor if user points to the a condor 6.9.x installation; In general case condor should work, but there might be a conflict between ManagedFork and RSV since both use the local universe; Scot Kronenfeld thinks this might not work, but Terrence will try it out on a system to check
         * Terrence reported back to the ITB list that setting certain environment variables before pulling in the OSG-RSV package, as documented in the twiki, worked fine for him. RSV was using his existing 6.9.x condor install following that.


---++ OSG 0.8 Deployment readiness (!RobQ)
Focus on preparations for central OSG services at GOC and elsewhere.
   * bdii
   * bdii-aggregator and monitor
      * http://is.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/status.cgi ?
   * gip validator, http://gip-validate.grid.iu.edu/ ?
   * rsv
   * rsv-->sam
   * vors
   * ress?
   * ress-validator?
   * gratia?
   * voms-monitor, http://voms-monitor.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/index.cgi
   * preparation of top-level webs, http://www.opensciencegrid.org/Grid_Monitoring
   * other services? 

---++ OSG sites survey
   * See links of results so far at Integration.SitesCoordinationPlanning

---++ Release documentation (Rob, Anne)
   * Doc-fest meeting this Thurs/Friday at Fermilab
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.WebHome will become ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome for OSG 0.8
   * Integration/ITB_0_7.ReviewSummary replaces Integration/ITB_0_7.DocumentationTable
   * Need volunteers for "responsibles" and "reviewers"

---++ AOB
   * none

-- Main.RobGardner - 17 Oct 2007
