%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1186072928" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, Aug 2, 2007
   * Last meetings: MinutesJul26     
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1122

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees:
   * Apologies: none

---++ Process and Schedule (Rob)
*Process:*
   * VDT 1.8.0 release
   * VTB test
   * ITB release and testing based on VDT release
   * VDT 1.8.1 release incorporating fixes and minor updates
   * VTB testing of 1.8.1
   * ITB testing of 1.8.1
   * OSG 0.8.0 release 
*Schedule:*
   * Week of 7/30/07: 
      * VDT 1.8.0 released 
      * VTB tests 
      * ITB ITB 0.7.0 testing: packages, cache, central services, core sites
   * Week of 8/6/07:
      * Release ITB 0.7.0 and deploy on: FermiGrid, BNL, UC, CIT, LBNL, OU, TTU.
      * BNL, FNAL, UC and UCSD will provide OSG SEs based on SRM-dCache, in order to support full functional tests for VOs requiring local storage.
   * Week 8/13/07:
      * ITB install fest?
      * Start sites and service validation
*Other notes:*
   * VO validation schedule 
      * Open up for VO validation soon as above happens August 13 earliest or up to August 20, depending on problems, responsiveness of experts who can fix problems, etc.
   * The ITB is expected to start at 0.7.0, but will likely experience at least one upgrade for example, to a incorporate changes that result from the validation process leading to, eg., VDT 1.8.1
   * Documentation
      * In parallel to this will be the creation of the OSG 0.8 documentation set for CE, SE, and Client installations.
   * The final, signed-off ITB 0.7.x will provide the basis for the next deployment of OSG 0.8.  The speed at which this happens will depend on how quickly the ITB, VDT, VO applications can validate.   We will set a specific deadline within the next two weeks.

d51 7
---++ VTB testing (!Suchandra)
   * ValidationTestbed
   * VDT 1.8.0 released
   * 4 VTB sites (UC, FNAL, LBNL, Caltech)
   * Default package is pointing to 1.8 VDT.
   * Needs help for gratia (Chris Green)  and cemon validation (Ress- Gabriele); validation via twiki.
   * There are a few bugs Suchandra is fixing - OLD_VDT_LOCATION not being picked up properly.
   * Another change - a request from Chris Green to update Gratia probes for sites with multiple gatekeepers.
   * UC, LBNL, CIT
   * Suchandra will announce.
   * 4 vtb sites (UC, FNAL, LBNL, Caltech)

---++ ITB Deployment Readiness (!RobQ)
   * ITB 0.7 release web: Integration/ITB_0_7.WebHome
   * Need to have plans for installing and validating storage element  *any update?*
      * should encourage VOs to have workflows that test storage element
      * should check and validation how information about SE is advertised
      * OSG Storage group should be contacted to get their involvement
   * Need to incorporate information service and advertise well defined attributes
   * Need to start discussing documentation and release process for documention
      * Install guide
      * Should have VO roundups and checking (what Abhishek did in the last cycle)

---++ ITB Validation (Charles)
   * Need to setup equivalent of Integration.SiteValidationTableITB052.

---++ Documentation (Anne)
   * Current plan
Anne's 1st draft list of "to-do" items for release doc prior to 0.8.0 release
   1. Have non-integration group persons review each doc in release doc table for readability, structure, order of steps, etc. (Maybe selected sysadmins)
   2. Have integration group modularize each release document as they update it (moving further in direction that was started in 0.6.0)
   3. Have integration group read and evaluate [[Integration/ITB_0_5/AH_CEInstallGuideRootCondorNoSE]] as model for simplified, special-case installation guide.
   4. Create simpler install guides for special (common, recommended) cases from modularized pages.
   5. Determine task-to-document and role-to-document relationships,
   6. Create doc hub structure accordingly, to provide structure for and links to release doc table

   * Documentation.WebHome
      * I'd like people to review [[Documentation/AdminDocHub]] to see if "areas of responsibility" are reasonable, and to help me complete the list.
      * Your impressions of [[Documentation/VoManageDocHub]]; and review of "areas of responsibility"
      * I need help figuring out who needs and wants what information.  Contextual and procedural.
      * I want to assign responsibility for some pages to others. Identified so far are:
         * Documentation/AdminDocVOApp -- Chris and Abhishek
         * Documentation/SupportCenterDocHub -- Rob Q and ops people

---++ WS gram testing update (!Suchandra)
   * Currently running a series of tests (sleep jobs of 30, 60, 120, and 300s) with a varying number of jobs (100, 200, 400, 800, 1600, 3200)
   * Will have tests comparing prima vs. non-prima tests
   * Will have tests with staging in and staging out data
   * Will run tests with condor 6.9.5 
   * Other tests will be run over the next days and results will be circulated by end of weekend
   * will create initial draft of performance memo next week with goal of having final version done for executive board within 3 weeks

---++ ITB Central Resources Readiness (!RobQ)
   * BDII
   * VORS
   * Gratia
   * !ReSS

---++ ITB BNL Site readiness
   * !FermiGrid
   * BNL is setting up a ITB testbed (gateway, 5 worker nodes, 50GB dcache SRM)
      * discussion under way to increase size 
      * using vdt dcache installation
      * hardware set up and waiting for software
   * CIT
   * TTU 
   * ...

---++ SE Testing Plan (Alex Sim)


---++ Syslog-ng (Alain Roy)

---++ AOB
   * ws-gram results will be discussed vtb meeting on Aug. 7


-- Main.RobGardner - 01 Aug 2007
