%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476804327" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, February 8, 2007
   * Last week: MinutesFeb1;  this week's meeting focusing on CEMon, etc: MinutesFeb6
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Mark G, Rob G, Doug, Abhishek, Steve, Horst, Karthik, John R, Gabriele, Burt, Jeff P, Michael, Alan Sill, Rob Q, Suchandra, Gabriele, Alain, Eric, Anand, Illya, John W., David
   * Apologies: none
   * Spare list
      * %GRAY% John W, Chris G., Ananand, Eric, Shaowen, Rob, Suchandra, Steve T., Burt, Alain, David M., John R, Forrest, Gabriele, Tanya, Doug, Karthik, Alan S, Rob Q %ENDCOLOR%

---++ VO Validation on ITB (Abhishek)
   * Email sent to VO representatives - expect response by end of the week.  Will also get into touch 
   * CMS and D0 have responded already, more info on timeframes.  More information next week.
   * Fermilab, LIGO and GROW have already validated.
      * LIGO - wants more testing, and better understanding of cause of failures at sites.  David has segmented the validation table.  Some sites have very low priority.
      * Fermigrid mostly auth issues - needs Keith Chadwicks certificate.  

---++ Overview of the validation (David M)
   * Last week:
      * See SiteValidationTableITB052
      * See discussion above about sorting the sites in terms of VO application readiness.
      * Site admins - please communicate issues to David M.
   * Planned validation tests
      * !ReSS: two stages - is CEMon working at your site;  second - a query from a remote host.  The next step would be to validation the attributes from GIP.  What about longitudinal tests - eg., daily reports/summaries of tests.  Gabriele: will work on a script to do this, also Keith has a webpage with archived.
      * GIP from BDII - Anand developing a webpage to query BDII and moving from GridCat to VORS.  Should be available next week - John R on hand for an interface to VORS.
         * Will check that all are present, and for some attributes.
   * GridEx results - mailed.

---++ CEMon stability and native dialect backport (Tanya)
   * Alain: Tanya sent a new version of the sensor.  Fixes memory problem, and provides new method to collect all the information, not just a subset.  Does require a configuration change.  Tim C is putting this into VDT.  Chances good we have a solution.   Would like to get testing on the VTB going. 
   * Tanya - thinks we should test.

---++ Progress on CEMon reporting to BDII (John R)
   * BDII server - people can query this.
   * Pulls from a queue, must be less than 10 minutes old.  Thus ages information just like the original. 
   * All working now.  Waiting for validation from GROW.

---++ VDT 1.6.1a schedule and VTB testing cycle (Alain)
   * BDII also almost in VDT.
   * Good chance that updates to cemon later this afternoon.
   * Could release anytime theoretically.
   * Globus security patch, a site verify update, would like to get these in.
   * Proposal is two days of testing on VTB, then release 1.6.1a.
   * Will merge back into the same cache.
   * Then the ITB can do a pacman -update, we think.
   * Then there are changes to the OSG config scripts - Rob Q will check into this.
   * VTB testing sites: CIT, LBL, CIT, FNAL will cycle.

---++ OSG SE testing (Suchandra)
   * Setting up a SE using SRM/dCache on UC_T2DEV_ITB.  Notes are being collected, best practices.
   * What about the srm tester package?
   * Bockjoo has detailed script recipe - John will send to Rob; need to scriptify for gridscan.

---++ WS Gram validation (Jeff P)
   * See site valiation table.
   * 3 sites working fine.
   * several could not establish a connection.
   * several failed outright. 
   * Question about the service being optional - for those in the ITB testing, we need a critical mass of testing sites.  Jeff will contact site admins directly and cc' osg-int so that others can see what the technical issues. 
   * Will work on job submission via condor-g to ws-gram gatekeepers.


---++ Reports from Sites on ITB 0.5.2 (ITB site admins)

---++ Other ITB 0.5.2 issues
   * Last week' issues:
      * Steve Timm requested working voms-proxy-xxx clients on 64 bit platforms. Tim believes the 32 bit code should work on 64 bit machines. This needs to be tested.
      * Steve has requested that a syntax problem exists related to GUMS:
         * The dash "-" should be supported in VO names.
         * The dot "." should be supported in VO names.
         * ACTION ITEM:  Ransome and Oscar need to be contacted to work this issue.
   * WN-Client issue


---++ Documentation (Rob Q, Alain)
   * RWG note: we need to assess the work required to bring the current Trash/ArchivedDocumentation.ITB.ITB050.DocumentationTable into production readiness.  In OSG is is done as part of the *Provisioning* process, which Rob Q and Alain will be leading. 
   * Last week:
      * Jeff will due a fast first pass through the OSG 0.5.2 install guide and initial and date each section that needs attention. Then we will put together a team to revise this document as a top priority. Steve T and John W discussed the priority of needing to run configure_osg.sh prior to running vdt-control during initial configuration and that this fact is not documented yet.
   * What are the opinions of the 0.5 documentation? Steve notes a couple of holes that he needs to look into next week.
   * Assignment of editors for each section.
   * First round of edits due next week.

---++ RT Roundup
   * Did not have time to check these.

---+++!! *References*
   * Summary of all RT issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/RSS/itb.rss][RSS feeds - requires no authentication]].
   * Validation testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}% 
   * Trash/Integration testbed issues: [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Query=Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=50][all tickets]], [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-ITB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved]] %ICON{wip}%
   * Full RT access at BNL requires registration, which you can do by sending email to RT-RACF-UserAccounts@bnl.gov and asked to be placed in the OSG-VTB and OSG-ITB queues.

-- Main.RobGardner - 06 Feb 2007