%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnneHeavey" date="1199988280" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%


---++ Focus on OSG storage services - Bestman Alex Sim 

---++ dCache in OSG 1.0 and SRM 2.2 - Ted Hesselroth

Rob Gardner: How will it work when sites are using a mix of osg0.6, osg 0.8 and osg 1.0?

Ted Hesselroth: srmcp from dcache 1.7 should work with osg 1.0.  as long as no srm 2.2
functionality is expected.

---++ Validating dCache - Neha Sharma

Rob Gardner: Why do errors result in a java exception instead of a clean error?

Neha Sharma: This is a developer question.

*AI*: Talk to the developers about improving the error messages from srm and dcache. (Ted Hesselroth)

*AI*: Please capture an annotation of your demo, (Neha Sharma)

---++ OSG documentation - Anne Heavey 

%Y% *AI*: (Eileen Berman) Change OSG web site to have a 'Documentation' Link (currently reference material) (Anne Heavey)

*AI*: (Alain Roy) Side links are too many, not alphabetized (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%MT and I plan to attend a few activity meetings to get info on how people are doing with the links as they are, and what changes they'd like.  By 1st wk Feb.%ENDCOLOR%

%Y% *AI*: (Alain Roy) Need to update vdt links on doc page. %BLUE%I think this was "home" page.%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: (Alain Roy) Put out big links so public, or admins, etc know where to go (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%Admin link added; see 2nd item above.%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: (Brian B) Need to make separate pages for admins, users, public. (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%We do not want to add more areas to the web presence. We want one home page for website, one for twiki. We'll continue to tweak navigation; see above.%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: (Eileen Berman) Include in link text any common way of referring to the page, consistent terminology. (Anne Heavey)%BLUE%ongoing%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: Add a dictionary of acronyms (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%Documentation/GlossaryOfTerms is available, contains many acronyms. If this is really needed or high priority, I need to know.%ENDCOLOR%

Anne Heavey: Everyone is encouraged to get a twiki account and edit the pages themselves.

%Y% *AI*: Call any release documentation as Install Guides (Anne Heavey)%BLUE%Done on doc hub and twiki left bars%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: Use the canonical way of referring to something when possible even when that version 
is a little clunky, (consistent terminology). (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%ongoing%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: Keep the physical size of list of links on the left side (orange bar) as small as can be.  Makes more room for real info. (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%we're not changing the template at this time.%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: Organization of meetings on indico needs work (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%still to address%ENDCOLOR%

*AI*: Presentation of calendar off of the front page needs work. (Anne Heavey) %BLUE%I do not have consensus for change; so we've left as is.%ENDCOLOR%

---++ Focus on security: site practices - Mine Altunay

*AI*: (Brian B) Email policies as they change to site admins.  Send email to site contacts periodically to check
that they are still valid contacts. (Mine Altunay)

*AI*: The 24x7 security response expected is not possible especially for small sites.  This needs to be looked
at in general for OSG.  (Mine Altunay)

*AI*:  Need to make efficient availability of CRL's on a fairly short timescale (Mine Altunay)

*AI*: (Greg S) Should be a tool to let a site admin understand if a particular vulnerability exists at their site.
This tool may be runnable by OSG centrally. This would be useful for dCache and CEs. (Mine Altunay)

Doug Benjamin: Need to keep in mind that not all sites are created equal.  There are small sites and larger sites
that will have different resources available.

Alain Roy: Perhaps sites would need to be temporarily removed during an incident.

%Y% *AI*: (Chris Green) Be able to warn users not to run on a site when there is an incident with the site. And vice-versa.
This could be done by taking it out of ReSS and BDII. (Rob Quick)

Rob Gardner: What are the expectations of the sites during security drills?

Kent Blackburn: Need acknowledgement from sites that they understand the expectations.

*AI*: Need to establish expectations of sites during security drills. (Mine Altunay)

*AI*: Need to add to registration an 'agree' button or something to confirm that sites have read and agreed to service
agreement, security responsibilities etc. (Rob Quick)

*AI*: (Rob Gardner) Need front page link on OSG web to link to security information. (Anne Heavey)

*AI*: (Keith Chadwick) Policy link from doc link is old. What are the current policies? (Anne Heavey)

*AI*: (Doug B) Change Don Petravick as security officer to Mine Altunay (Anne Heavey)

*AI*: (Rob Gardner) Need to give security training for admins etc. Do not do during a parallel session
at a consortium meeting. (Mine Altunay)

*AI*: (Brian B) Start a db of all admins and when they received security training. Then Mine can give
updates by contacting people. (Mine Altunay)

*AI*: (Rob Quick) Summarize thoughts on security and send to osg-sites (Mine Altunay)

*AI*: Send out in email how to find out who is registered for your site. (Rob Quick)

---++ Configuring OSG and the tools for OSG site administrators - Suchandra Thapa

Charles W.: In file where you put in job attributes that are put into the env can you change the path.

*AI*: (Michael T) Is there a way to use a text file as input to configure osg. There should be. (Suchandra)

*AI*: (Shreyas) In 0.6 configure, there is a globus hostname env variable, the hostname command is used, but not
everyone listens to the setting of the variable. Is this fixed? I will test this. (Shreyas, then Suchandra)

Alain Roy: A web interface for configuring is not good.  Last thing you want is a security issue here.

	
---++ Workshop summary discussion 

*AI*: Need to mention the action items at the EB (Alain R)

%Y% *AI*: Send out email to those who have action items assigned (Rob Gardner)
