%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1172611588" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of Tuesday VTB-timeslot meeting focusing on ITB 0.5.2 validation, February 27, 2007
   * Last week: MinutesFeb22
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 3:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---+++ ITB 0.5.2/VDT 1.6.1 focus
   * Integration.ITB_0_5.WebHome release description
   * Integration.SiteValidationTableITB052  - validation table
   * Integration.ITB_0_5.DocumentationTable - documentation
   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/documentation.html][VDT documentation home]], [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.6.1/][VDT 1.6.1]]

---++ Attending
   * TBD
   * Apologies: none. 

---++ Follow-up on WS Gram testing and issues (Jeff)
   * See meeting notes from yesterday, MinutesWSGramFeb26

---++ ITB Survey (David M)
   * Integration.SiteValidationTableITB052  - validation table overview.

---++ Follow-up on VO testing on ITB: progress and issues (Abhishek)

---++ Ress
   * http://home.fnal.gov/~garzogli/ReSS/ReSS-History.html
   * http://home.fnal.gov/%7Egarzogli/ReSS/ReSS-History.html.2007-02-26-12-00-01

---++ Gridscan update (John R)
   * http://dev2-scan.grid.iu.edu/

---++ Follow-up on LDAP certificate issue: (John W)
   * From last week: %BLUE% LDAP cert not needed - since we're not running MDS?  Does the gums probe use this?  Perhaps the host cert could be used.  Ownership (by tomcat) issue (and renewal)?  Note - this is covered in the GIP documentation.  *John W will take this issue offline with Steve, Gabriele, and Anand*. %ENDCOLOR%

---++ Follow-up on CEMon stability (John W.)


d77 1
---++ AOB


-- Main.RobGardner - 26 Feb 2007
