%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486494896" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Scot, Karthik, Steve, Horst, Dave, Gabriele, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL
      * No changes
   * FNAL
      *  Updated ITB machines to 1.2.19 and half of production machines
      * Aside from error when using ITB certs for production machines, no RSV issues
   * OUHEP
      * No changes from before, running ITB 1.1.31
      * No issues seen 
   * UC_ITB
      * No changes, 
   * VDT


---+++ This Week
   * BNL
   * FNAL
      * Doing miscellaneous testing with new certs
      * No other updates
   * OUHEP
      * No updates
      * Updated to condor 7.6.0, the change appears to have fixed htpc configuration
   * UC_ITB
      * Machines still being brought up from move
      * Should be up this afternoon
   * VDT
      * No change

---++ XACML Testing (Gabriele)
   * Working with John Hover to see if XACML in new GUMS is as good as the SAML interface
   * Stress testing at FNAL indicating that SAML and XACML interfaces have essentially the same failure rates
   * Prima client timeouts may need to be tweaked a bit for optimal performance
   * Load testing of dcache and xacml under load at BNL?
      * Suchandra will check with Xin 

---++ VTB/ITB testing (Scot)
   * Scot has been working on scripts to remove cruft left by globus, would like to test script in ITB
   * Release next week or week after

---++ HTPC
   * Site status:
      * OUHEP
         * Updated to condor 7.6.0
      * BNL
      * UC_ITB_CONDOR
         * Cluster is still down
      * FNAL
         * Will test HTPC but not in near term (about a month from here)

---++ Documentation 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.HardwareRecommendations][Hardware Recommendations]] 
      * No updates
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.InstallAndConfigureRSV][RSV Configuration]]
      * Scot will go through and release as appropriate 
   * [[Trash.ReleaseDocumentationKnownIssues][Known Issues]]
      * Released
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ReusingConfigurationInformation][Reusing Configuration]]
      * Suchandra will edit and send back an update to Horst

---++ AOB
   * None




-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 21 Apr 2011