%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1199394569" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Ted Hesselroth, Tim, Jeff Porter, Neha, Anand, Charles, Rob Quick, Tom, Suchandra, Rob Gardner, Karthik, Alain, Xin
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursdays, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ Dcache testing/release
   * http://indico.fnal.gov/contributionDisplay.py?contribId=15&amp;confId=1344
   * Short term goal -- Sites upgrade
   * Same as with 1.7 but with space reservations
   * Short term --> do install and run validation tests in slide given above
   * Longer term --> enable and test space reservations
   * Afterwards, do VO acceptance testing (similar to VO tests for itb cycle) 
   * Client tools not distributed with vdt dcache release -- will need updating
      * may need to download rpm for client for now 
      * will be in release soon
   * New process, can use existing processes to test 
   * *Need new testing tools for storage?*
   * *Need to recruit VOs for testing*
   * *Test upgrades*
   * *Test systems with pools on private network*
   * Plan of action so far:
      * Simple vtb testing
      * Work on testing tools if needed
      * Get participation from VOs
      * Look at larger scale testing
  * Storage group should have a release candidate suitable for itb installs by jan. 18

---++ Catching up
   * Items from last meeting

---++ AOB
   * BDII osg specific attributes being served
      * testing attributes 
      * *Suchandra will email Anand osg specific attributes that were requested*
   * Next week ITB meeting will be replaced with monthly site admins telecon -- will go over action items
