%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284998" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  Robert, Gabrielle, John, Steve, Britta, Anand, Jeff, Alain Roy, Michael Thomas, Parag, Horst, Karthik, Sam Hoover, Igor, Burt
   * Apologies:  
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation Page]]

---++ VTB Activity (Jeff)
   * Still waiting for GIP and configure-osg (blockers for itb testing)
      * New GIP release being released today
      * Should be in the VDT cache tonight
   * Jeff ran into problems with GLExec, Igor didn't have problems in his tests
   * New GIP scripts that help with validation (Jeff and Burt will test things tomorrow)
   * Dcache new authorization won't be tested until ITB round (Xin will test this)

---++ ITB Activity and Cache (Suchandra)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Test Schedule]]
   * VOs conducting validations
     * LIGO
     * CMS 
     * ATLAS
     * DZero
     * Fermilab VO
   * Sites testing new gums validation:
      * Caltech
      * UC_ITB
      * Fermigrid
      * LBNL 
   * MPI testing 
      * Parag will update the test plan with 

---++ configure-osg.py status
   * Currently being updated 
   * ITB cache doesn't have latest version, will be updated when VTB testing round nears completion

---++ Bestman-Gateway, Bestman-xrootd testing?
   * UC_ITB and BNL will be testing both
   * LBNL will test bestman-gateway

---++ Bug Review
   * RT 11292 waiting configure-osg changes/review 
   * RT 11293 not blocker, currently a placeholder (being closed)
   * RT 11483 tomcat (VDT will probably do this, resolution should be in about a week ) 
   * RT 11653 may be in error, Jeff and Igor investigating
   * RT 11305 should be fixed, Jeff will test tomorrow
   * RT 11475 the copy attempt will be removed
   * RT 11475 VDT has patch but will put that in at a later time since this isn't a severe bug
   * RT 8196 Fixed in VOMS 2.0.15, will be fixed when that VOMS version gets integrated into VDT
   
---++ AOB 
   * Next week we'll have a Sites Coordination meeting to discuss: SiteCoordination.SiteAdminsAtAllHands2009
   * ITB meeting will occur in VTB timeslot next week

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 22 Jan 2009