%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1175030182" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attending: John Urish, Xin, John Rosheck
   * Apologies: Rob Gardner
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, March 20, 2007; 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #111222
   * Previous meeting, MinutesAttributesMar20

---++ GIP Documentation
    * Are VOs reviewing the attributes documentation?

---++ Ongoing work/future agenda items
   * potential to wrap up attributes work?
   *  ws-gram and attributes meetings might be integrated, will discuss at next week's meetings when more people are in attendance
   
---++ References
   * Attributes reference document, https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Main/GIPAttributes
   * SE best practices, https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Troubleshooting/StorageElementBestPractices
   * John R: storage element ambiguities, http://dev2-scan.grid.iu.edu/cgi-bin/show_results?grid=2
   * http://glueschema.forge.cnaf.infn.it/

-- Main.RobGardner - 19 Mar 2007
