%META:TOPICINFO{author="JohnWeigand" date="1233845716" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: 
   * Apologies:  
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation Page]]

---++ VTB Activity 

---++ ITB Activity and Cache (Suchandra)
   * Gratia server changes

---++ Testing Coverage
   * GLExec
   * MPI
   * Bestman/xrootd
   * GUMS/Prima
   * GIP
 
---++ Syslog-ng changes
%BLUE%----------------------------------%BR%
Main.JohnWeigand comment 2/5/09 -  from ITB ticket 11867%BR%
It came to my attention during the VTB phase of this release that centralized logging using syslog_ng was terminated on Nov 7 2008 for OSG.

If this is in fact the case, then should..
   1 this package be removed from the OSG CE distribution http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/vdt_11098_cache/OSG-CE.pacman
   1 and configure-osg.py modified to no longer provide for the configuration of it.

If it is enabled in the current config.ini file (use_syslog_ng = True), it will use a hard-coded set of log files and hard-coded destinations for those logs file to the now inactive central logging sites.
%BR%----------------------------------%BR%
%ENDCOLOR% 

---++ ITB ticket 11868 - GIP/configure-osg changing VO names in their code
%BLUE%----------------------------------%BR%
Main.JohnWeigand comment 2/5/09%BR%
This is a tough one to explain so be patient.

With this release of GIP and configure-osg.py, there is a subtle transformation of the VO name used for advertising (GIP) and validating (configure-osg.py) VO names that are defined in these OSG provided
templates:
   1 edg-mkgridmap.conf
   1 gums.config

Both of these files are used to define the "sub-vo/group" as defined in the generated osg-user-vo-map.txt file on:
   1 the #voi line... for example,
   <verbatim>#voi cdf uscms   </verbatim>
   1 the detail line... for example   <verbatim>
#---- accounts for vo: cdf-cnaf ----#
cdf cdf
#---- accounts for vo: uscmsuser ----#
uscms01 uscms   </verbatim>

The value 'uscms' is derived from:
   1 in edg-mkgridmap.conf, the 3rd token is used for the #voi entry and for the detail lines mapping unix account to vo/subgroup/whatever      <verbatim>
# USER-VO-MAP uscms CMS -- 11 -- (uscms-ops@fnal.gov)
group vomss://voms.cern.ch:8443/voms/cms uscms01</verbatim>
   1 in gums.config, the accountingVO attribute value is used for the same<verbatim>
<groupMapping name="uscmsuser" accountingVo="uscms"
accountingDesc="CMS"/></verbatim>

Both GIP and the configure-osg scripts are reading the detail lines (unix account to vo/subgroup). They are stripping the 'us' from all entries that being with that value, as in 'uscms' being 'cms, 'usatlas' being 'atlas', et al.
   1 GIP uses the changed value for advertising the support VO for the site.
   1 configure-osg.py uses the changed value for validating the sponsor option of the Site Information section of the config.ini.

The issue I am raising is that we should not be "burying" this type of data translation within the code of a service.

We should be making changes to the source of the data. In this case, the 2 templates mentioned above.

I recognize the potential for a transitional period where some sites may not have made the necessary changes and this type of implementation (where it is done in the code) seems justified. However, in the log run and as this kind of thing proliferates, these things will come back to haunt us. There really needs to be a better solution. 
%BR%----------------------------------%BR%
%ENDCOLOR% 

---++ Bug Review
   * RT 11292 waiting configure-osg changes 
   * RT 11305 Globus part fixed, gridmap file part needs to be correct 
   * RT 11433 Documentation updated, waiting for documentation review
   * RT 11475 resolved:
      * the copy attempt will be removed
      * VDT has patch but will put that in at a later time since this isn't a severe bug
   * RT 11483 resolved and waiting vdt update
   * RT 11523  placeholder until Burt gives approval
   * RT 11527 Suchandra and John will discuss this and resolve issues
   * RT 11690 Message will change to indicate that email may have a typo
   * RT 11691 Documentation needs updating
   * RT 11702 Fixed in repository
   * RT 8196 
      * Fixed in VOMS 2.0.15, will be fixed when that VOMS version gets integrated into VDT
   * VDT 4604 

---++ AOB 

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 04 Feb 2009
