%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1239826660" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][ITB 092 documentation home]]
   * Campfire chats: see SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar


---++ Tests of the update scripts for old OSG 1.0.0 services


---++ Validation of Gratia probes for SEs 

---++ New dCache release


---++ Other validations


---++ Any remaining VO issues?


---++ Configure-osg issue


---++ GUMS problem (aside)
   * gums 1.3.14 problem - recommendation is to get rid of match-fqan attribute, put it back into exact.  This has to be changed in the template.  There is email from John Weigand going around.


---++ Steps toward production release


---++ Next site admins workshop 
   * Dates: August 6, 7, 2009
   * Location: Indianapolis
   * Link: SiteCoordination.SiteAdminsWorkshopAug2009
  

---++ AOB
   * None



%BR%
-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 15 Apr 2009