%META:TOPICINFO{author="DavidMeyers" date="1178821233" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, May 10, 2007
   * Last meeting: MinutesMay3;  Tuesday's VTB meeting: MinutesVTBMay8
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Previous meeting attendees: David (Georgetown), Martin, Stu, Suchandra, Burt, John R, David@LIGO, Alan Sill, Jeff Porter, Xin, Anand, Shaowen
   * Meeting attendees:  David@LIGO, 
   * Apologies: Rob G, Horst, Karthik

---++ WS gram testing (Scalability results from Martin Feller) 
   * 500 submissions ok at all test sites.
   * 2000 submissions ok at UNL but not other sites. Under investigation...
   * Horst is offering OUHEP_ITB with gatekeeper osgitb1.nhn.ou.edu for ws-gram testing. If you can't authenticate email Horst for support.

---++ Syslog-ng Logging infrastructure (Report from Brian T)
   * Logging server on uct3-edge5.  Configuration now stable. (Suchandra)
   * Pacman package under development (report from Alain).
   * Next step: Deployment on ITB.  

---++ Storage monitoring progress
   * Update from John R on the GOC-based SRM monitoring system.
   * Update from Alex Simm on SE monitoring service.

---++New OSG Interoperability Task
   * Collect requests for changes from Burt, Steve Timm and others.
   * Analyze impact of changes.
   * Test candidate changes on ITB to determine interoperability with existing batch schedulers and workflow planners and event managers.

---++ Any Other Business
   * 
-- Main.DavidMeyers - 09 May 2007

