%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1232476051" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees:  Jeff, John, Burt, Gabrielle, Britta, Parag, Suchandra, Scot, Xin, Michael Thomas, Karthik
   * Apologies:  
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation Page]]

---++ VTB Activity (Jeff)
   * Signoffs
   * Jeff and John have been testing packages from vtb cache
   * Dcache hasn't been tested yet 
   * GLexec is being tested by Jeff
   * GIP code still needs to be updated and further 
   * Configure-osg changes still will need to be done
   * 

---++ Documentation (Suchandra)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation location]]
   * Documentation changes should go there and before the update the alterations will be selectively moved to the main release documentation
  
   
---++ ITB Activity and Cache (Suchandra)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Test Schedule]]
   * Schedule will probably need to be pushed back by a week, will review things next week

---++ AOB 
   * Next meeting in a week

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 13 Jan 2009