%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285001" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, September 22, 2005.

   * Last meeting, MinutesSep15
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

Focus of the meeting is to assess progress towards ITB 0.3.0, and follow-up
on activities in progress discussed last week.

---++ Attending

John W, Rob G, Kent, John R, Doug O, Michael T, Marco, Greg, Shaowen, Ransom, Fred, Alain, Alan, Marty, Ruth, Jorge, 

---++ For reference, next ITB Release 0.3.0  (towards OSG 0.4)

Current release description:

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ItbRel030

See also OSG 0.4 deployment document v100 from the Deployment.


---++ Core Services: GIP 

Work being done by Leigh, Shaowen, CMS Tier2.  Questions about
putting it into VDT, timeframes, and suggested approach for USCMS deployment (they
need it sooner rather than later). Discuss.

   * Current GIP Readiness Plan is [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/OsgInformationService][here]].
   * New versions from Shaowen imminent.
   * Most recent set: currently packaged with the pre-pre-release of OSG ITB 0.3.0 as "iVDGL:osg-gip", see http://hep.uchicago.edu/ivdgl/osg-gip.pacman
   * Goal is to follow GIP script deployment and configuration plus BDII through the ITB process.

Shaowen's report:
   * Just before the meeting, sent most recent version of the config tool to Alain and Leigh.
   * Ready to be part of the ITB cache.  Could be improved with more sites testing it. 
   * UCSD, Leigh, and UI have tested the config tool.
   * Growing to cover more specifics, towards something fully automatic.  Complexity under control.  Bugs being found and fixed.  Will support bug fixes. 
   * Hope to make more robust through testing on the ITB.
   * Synch with VDT - not sure.


Comments:
   * Alan points out that we should follow the principle of testing via the ITB.
   * Ruth points out its been tested on their ITB sites. 
   * Alain thinks it looks like a drop-in for VDT.  Alain will discuss with Shaowen. 
   * Will put in the appropriate tests.
   * Shaowen says Leigh will make a pacmanized cache.

Other:
   * Does BDII go into VDT? Is this needed by many sites?  CMS is alredy using it, as a VO-specific service. Its mainly for interoperability.  Also using it for dynamic software installations.
   * Ruth's recommendation is to defer for VDT 1.3.7, save for later.


---++ MonALISA updates in ITB

Question from Ruth: what is the process to deploy the new version of the MOnalisa repository and web interface for the OSG Trash/Integration Testbed and then production? The new version is at http://pccil.cern.ch:8889/ and includes an accounting panel as well as an ability to configure colors.

   * Update to repository, shows info from new module.  Has more capabilities for modifying layout and color scheme.
   * Main thing - addes "finished jobs", missing from before.
   * Many sites have auto-updated already.
   * Issue for the GOC: what is needed for a new version of the web interface?
   * iGOC will install the service after members of the ITB have sufficiently checked the feature, information, etc. One week.
      
---++ SRM client in OSG update

Questions from last week:

   * Is =srmcp= client tools package available in ITB cache? Updated?
   * What interface is required for DRM (issue was java vs c++ interfaces)?
   *  - what's in VDT, whats in DRM (does it have a cli)?
   * Issue: certificate directory needs to be installed in worker nodes.  Significant issue that needs to be addressed as part of the 0.3.0 release.
   * Twiki describing this work, SRMClientTools.
   * USCMS has installed srmcp on three sites and has show it works.  Considered *validated for USCMS.*

---++ Service Validation Issues

Question arose during meeting about process for recording what has been validated.  For the previous ITB 0.1, we had a dedicated ValidationPageRel01 setup for this purpose.  Will repeat this for ITB 0.3.  For now, reference the ITB 0.3 Release Description Page [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ItbRel030#Validation][section on Validation]].

   * NOTE: it is the responsiblity of the _service proponents_  (those providing, requesting, and otherwise having direct interests in seeing a service functional and scalable) to provide this validation effort which includes documentation, according to what was specified in their _SRP_.


---++ CE storage specification

   * See LocalStorageRequirements
   * Marco is summarizing the discussion on the twiki - in touch with Timur from the stroage activity. Will send email to Timur, Terrence when finished.  Will finish by the end of the day.
   * The document will defnitively define the variables $DATA, etc, and their requirements, as guidance for site administrators.
   * Process - should get reviewed and signed off by the storage technical group; the ITB will review and collect comments.


---++ Core Services: GT4

Testbed group (IU, PU, TTU, FNAL) is organizing and trying out Globus direct installations, update.

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/WSGramServiceReadinessPlan
   * Phone meeting tomorrow, Leigh chairing.
   * Provide useful feedback lessons to ITB and especially if things VDT might find helpful.


---++ Core Services: MIS-CI

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/MisCi/WebHome
   * John R: there is work going on furiously, forging ahead. No word on schedule. Mark G is working on MIS, and John will be helping tangentially through GridCat.
   * Ruth: is there a description, design, interface spec document?  (discussed at meeting? URL?)
   * John R claims there is a document from the UB meeting. Need to link in here.
   * Not sure what was resolved between Trash/Auditing and the MIS CI groups - much discussed happened at the meeting.

---++ Core Services: Accounting

Just keeping it on the agenda, we said they would engage in few weeks.

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Accounting/WebHome
   * Work is proceeding. Readiness plan - expected beginning of October.


---++ Core Service: Auditing

   * Not expected for OSG 0.4.  Talk with Gabriele.


---++ Other release issues

   * Documentation: how do we proceed?  Discuss with OSG-docs.

   * Interfaces?  Nothing to note yet.

   * Common services that are VO scoped. Example would be an edge service.
   

---++ Other Trash/Integration Activities

Trash/Integration work that may be VO specific against other resources in the ITB.

   * Nothing but the GIP work discussed above.

---++ AOB

   * Next week's meeting as usual (9/29). No ITB meeting October 6. 



%STOPINCLUDE%

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-Deployment-Activity-v0100.doc" attr="" comment="v100 of OSG 0.4 Deployment Document from Ruth" date="1127416515" path="OSG-Deployment-Activity-v0100.doc" size="230912" user="RobGardner" version="1.1"}%
