%META:TOPICINFO{author="JeffPorter" date="1231892750" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction

   * Attendees:  John, Jeff, Rob, Suchandra
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 4:00pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 

---++ VDT Status

   * any incoming code updates / bug fixes?
      * New gip code coming tomorrow
   * Planning for update testing:
      * need consultation with Alain
 
---++ VTB Testing Status Reports

   * LBNL  (Jeff)
      * Tests continuing on CE & new GUMS interoperatiliby - so far looks good
      * GLexec testing has just begun
      * MPI reporting changes are in but GIP validation is currently failing - should be fixed by tomorrow's changes
   * FNAL (John)
      *  GUMS 1.3.8/1.3.9 tests
      *  CE and interop tests
      *  VOMS tests
   * UC     (Suchandra)
      * been focused on configure-osg changes - both fixing bug reports and functional requests from GIP
      * hope to have changes into the cache tomorrow
   * Missing Tests:
      * gPlazman/dCache testing, Jeff will contact Xin to see about his availability
   * [[https://rt-racf.bnl.gov/rt/Search/Results.html?Order=ASC&Query=%20Status%20!%3D%20'resolved'%20AND%20Queue%20%3D%20'OSG-VTB'&Rows=0&OrderBy=id&Page=1&Format='%20%20%20%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__id__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3A%23'%2C%0A'%3Cb%3E%3Ca%20href%3D%22%2Frt%2FTicket%2FDisplay.html%3Fid%3D__id__%22%3E__Subject__%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fb%3E%2FTITLE%3ASubject'%2C%0A'__Status__'%2C%0A'__QueueName__'%2C%0A'__OwnerName__'%2C%0A'__Priority__'%2C%0A'__NEWLINE__'%2C%0A''%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__Requestors__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__CreatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__ToldRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__LastUpdatedRelative__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'%2C%0A'%3Csmall%3E__TimeLeft__%3C%2Fsmall%3E'][New and unresolved Tickets]]  and estimate time to sign off discussion
      * possible sign off by ITB meeting on Jan 15th.

---++ OSG specific details

   * OSG update testing (e.g. config package)
      * Suchandra says yes - but independent of VDT update testing so as to limit coordination of caches and installs 
   * Documentation changes / migration from 0.9.2 area
      * Modifications to the docs specific to this update are now occuring in the 092 web
      * Changes are minimal and should be tracked (see the Review Status page) and moved by hand (by authors)

---++ AOB


-- Main.JeffPorter - 13 Jan 2009