%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285000" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, June 16, 2005. 

   * Last meeting, MinutesJune9
   * MeetingMinutes

---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending

Andrew, Leigh, Dane, Kent, Burt, Tom, Gabriele, Ransom, Marco, Greg, Alain, 
Showan, Fred, Doug, Michael

---++Agenda

   * Action items from last meeting
   * Documentation work for ITB and deployment
   * Other topics


---++Action Items from last week

   * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/MinutesJune9#Action_Items


   *   Would like to see a setup guide guide for the configuration of
        the GIP.
   *   Capture instructions for installation in real time
      *  Link in main OSGCEInstallGuide-0.1.6 for "configure GIP"
           reference page from
      *  Should configure of GRIS ... 
      *   GIP configuration will superceed Grid3 schema.
  
    GRIS seperation of scripts  Grid3 scheam and seperately GIP are executed
 
   * need sample file for OSG GIP default configuration from VDT.
   * need to also keep interoperility at the forefront.
   * need to intergrate all of the Grid3 informations into GIP.
   * Bockjoo would compare GridCAT informations
       and remove overlaps which are unwelcome
   * Small group  Bockjoo, +other folks, Marco, GOC, VDT to meet and correctly make default
   * Will be coordinated through the TG-MIG group
      *  TG-MIG (Mark Green) will report back next week 

---+++ GIP installed at CalTech
  
   Micheal was able to install without problems, verified data.

---+++ CMS installation
  
 Bockjoo installed on one site OSG ITB.
   Installed CMS releases general grid user software.
   ran into architecture problems:
 *  WorkerNodes not as functional as needed
       shared libaries
       wget not available
       no network access
   * May be able to use storage services if globus tools available
   * no monitoring information about the worker nodes currenlty available
      will be with correct GIP configuration
   * Can use FermiLab SE to get files onto ACDC back ends
   * installing into $APP from a worker node using Batch Queuing System
   * not install into $APP on the head node using Fork.

*Will need to discuss later*

---+++Clients on WorkerNodes

   * Dane - current status is the principle of not network connectity
    no software installed directly to a worker nodes.
   * Alain worker nodes should have grid tools available for local data xfer
    from an local storage element.
   * should not required shared filesystem
   * stage data to an SE  worker nodes can connect to local SE

   * requirements/ recommendations  need to get specific with regard to
      the requirements for an OSG resource provider.

   * Bring it with them design seems to be implied by lack requirements
   * /etc/grid-security/certificates and host certificates for worker nodes
     is a show stopper for some cluster..
   * *Summary*  Rob Gardner for deployment leave current "shared grid tools"
     instructions.

---+++(LCG interoperablity)

   * grid proxy info , and globus url copy on worker nodes
   * /etc/grid-security/certificates need to be shared
   *  Bring ca signing policy x509 sec dir along
   * this enables access for the resource broker
  
  *Is this a core issue or is this to be considered on a site / site basis*
   For 0.2 release, need LCG interop *additional* requirements for a site. 
   This has been done at UIowa and other sites successfully. 
 
---+++ GUMS reversion account mapping check

   * Yes, is working and is documented correctly

---++Documention

   * Dane---

     Should we transision the documention from the ITB into the Production 
      cache.
    Find a sub section twiki with non edit writes...
      CE...
   * personal certificate *needed*
   * get heading/ topics ...
   * orphaned pages...
   * fork particalar installation guide with links
   * seperate trees.. Are tools to help us understand the interconnections
      the Docs group...
   * search.. and draw a tree of the context and content topics 

 
---++Versioning


  Dane-- 

   Proposal OSG ITB 0.1.6 (improvements to the 0.2 release cycle)
    rather than move to 0.1.7
  move next ITB release to 0.2.2  --  0.3.0 reserved for 0.4 release cycle

<verbatim>

 Moving from 1.3.6 to 1.3.7 will introduce new services which may create
  differences that need broader testing.

1.3.6-0.2.1
      0.2.2
      0.2.3
      0.2.?
1.3.7-0?

  0.3 development cycle arrange catatlog structure to allow all to be done
      on the same ITB infrastructure.

in 0.2.2 perhaps:

  Updates to GIP configurations
  site verifciatons
  upgrading

 Service based insteallations/ versus compute elements (can use (carefully)
 diffeent vdt base cache..

</verbatim>

<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 15 Jun 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%