%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985944" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Rob, Tom, Suchandra, Rob, Alain, Horst, Karthik, Jeff, Xin, Steven, Abhishek, Ananda, Anne
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Tuesday, 3:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome
      * ReleaseDocumentation.SiteValidationTable

---++ VDT 1.8.1b
   * VTB testing
   * See: http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.8.1/release-b.html
   * Jeff had done a couple of installs, starting testing.
   * dccp in the vdt - Suchandra  will change workernode client.
   * Yeah/neah by close of business.
 
---++ OSG 0.8 deployment preparation
   * Packages created in SVN
   * Pacman cache
   * Release caches:
      * Suchandra will prepare caches, !RobQ will move into the production caches.
      * Suchandra will freeze on Wednesday evening. 
      * Announcement on Thursday afternoon.

---++ BDII updated
   * Went smoothly after upgrade on Friday; validated by Burt.
   * syslog-ng collector -being worked on - expect finished by tomorrow.

---++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo validation
   * Compbiogrid, ligo, star have not, the others have.
   * Compbiogrid - voms-poxy-init issue; there was a client issue with running behind a firewall, not registered in any DNS - Jeff reproduced failures, but found a workaround.
   * Star - myproxy issue, can be dealt with later.
   * ligo - a problem at the uc_itb site; Suchandra worked with Britta yesterday; there is problem with a simple pegasus workflow. 

---++ Documentation
   * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome will become ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome for OSG 0.8
   * ReleaseDocumentation.ReviewStatus, ReleaseDocumentation.FormattingRules
   * Steve has "tested" the documentation a couple of times - the CE install guide is in good shape.
   * Discussion of documentation deployment process. 
      * Will move old release document to 0_6 subweb
      * Move 0_7 into release documentation
      * Will freeze 0_7
      * Open release documentation for editing - Kyle or Rob to announce to osg-int tomorrow morning.
      * Will continue to keep release documentation open for early adopters to OSG 0.8, and others who are still providing content.
      * Freeze release documentation date will happen roughly in the time frame of 0_9 (OSG 1.0) preparations.

---++ AOB
   * *Follow-up from last week:* =dccp= in workernode client?  A request from CMS and ATLAS.  Alain will consult Ted.  Done %Y%.


-- Main.RobGardner - 24 Oct 2007