%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285000" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, July 5, 2007
   * Last meetings: MinutesVTBJul3, MinutesJun21     
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * ITB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-int.html][archive]]
   * VTB list [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/archives/osg-vtb.html][archive]]
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1122

---++ Attending
   * Meeting attendees: Rob G, Rob Q, Anand, Burt, Steve, Doug, Charles H, Suchandra, Anand
   * Apologies: Horst, Jeff
  
---++ VTB Cache/Testing Status (Suchandra)
   * Cache ready for VDT 1.7.1, with some initial tests completed.  Suchandra will announce.
   * UC, IU (Arvind is testing parts of VDT 1.7.1 for the site validation tests); perhaps also John W.
   * Charles - is working on familiarizing himself with the Caltech environment.
   
---++ WS gram testing update (Jeff)
   * Jeff on vaction, but has provided a report separately. 

---++ ITB 0.7 prepartions (!RobQ)
   * An initial schedule for the ITB 0.7 cycle: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB_0_7/WebHome
   * SVN - updated by John.  Suchandra working on getting insurrection to work.
   * Script to create the cache - not ready, but simple to do.
   * Suchandra will work on this today.
   * Have this done by next week.

---++ RSV (Arvind)
   * Have condor cron scheduling infrastructure, service validation probes, Gratia probes.
   * Expect a package to try out tomorrow.
   * There will be a bunch of condor submit scripts, and a consumer script.
   * Produces both text and python script output - to be run by another consumer.
   * Will send output to a test Gratia server at the GOC.
   * Will put together a how-to list.

---++ AOB
   * Steve - reminds us of the issue for fixed scratch space on WNs - jobs not cleaning up if they fail.  Fermigrid will make this dynamic.  How to declare this?  *Need to decide on a convention*.
   * OSG attributes reporting as 'UNAVAILABLE' should be 'UNDEFINED'.  Rob will take this up with the Anand, and others.

-- Main.RobGardner - 03 Jul 2007