%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1266512646" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Maxim, Jim, Karthik, Scot, Poonam, Jose, Steve
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 

---++ Documentation (Jim Weichel)
   * Had a two day workshop regarding documentation at fermilab on Feb 9-10. 
   * Discussed documentation resources and process with document area owners.
   * Will be adding document variables to maintain document metadata (similar to document owner/reviewer/comment variables now)
   * Worked on restructuring document navigation 
   * Created document triage pages for several areas including CE and integration areas
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocTriageCE][CE Triage Page]]
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocTriageInteg][Integration Triage Page]]
   * Goal to review document triage page and remove unused pages and start cleaning up existing pages
   * Robert will be taking some of Jim's activities over after all-hands page
      * Suggests incorporating document review into integration schedule 
      
---++ ITB Robot (testing) (Jose/Maxim)
   * Current working setting up OUHEP_ITB and TTU_Testwulf
      * Configuration in panda already setup
      * Problems:
         * Condor submission fails at OUHEP although globus-job-run works, investigating further
         * at TTU, jobs get accepted but don't get scheduled
     * gLexec support is still being added to pilot code
 
---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra)
---+++ Last Week
   * BNL
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * All operations normal
   * FNAL
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Everything running okay
   * LBNL
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Everything running okay aside from the ITB panda issue with the worker nodes
   * UC_ITB
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Everything running okay
   * VDT Site
      * Running ITB 1.1.17  
      * Condor has just been installed, not fully functional but will be by the next cycle 
---+++ This Week
   * BNL
   * FNAL
      * No changes, will be upgrading to ITB 1.1.18 
   * LBNL
   * UC_ITB
      * Upgraded to ITB 1.1.18
      * Running ATLAS production jobs, so site may be busy
   * VDT Site
       * Updated to ITB 1.1.18
       * Condor pool still needs to be setup 

---++ ITB 1.1.18 testing
   * Sites testing:
      * FNAL (Steve)
      * possibly LBNL (Iwona) 

---++ RFCs  / Configure-osg changes (Suchandra)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/WebHome][List of RFCs]]

---+++ RFC 4 - remove Install Locations
    * Remove from config.ini but will still be honored if present
---+++ RFC 5 - restrict values for authorization_method
    * Unavailable can be changed to localgridmap
    * Changes to setting values and/or creating Security section will be put off and discussed in a future release
---+++ RFC 6 - ignore condor_config and condor_location from Managed Fork Section
   * Functionality to use another location is not present
   * Functionality may be added later, so removing settings may not be the best option
   * Remove from config.ini but will still be honored if present
---+++ RFC 7 - distribute ce.ini template
   * Latest config.ini will still be available on the web
      * This location will be added to release documentation


---++ AOB
   * Steve wanted to know about Gratia updates
      * There's a gratia security update being worked on but won't be released in the OSG 1.2.7 or 1.2.8


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 10 Feb 2010