%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1329927412" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Karthik, Scot, Doug, Steve, Horst, 
   * Apologies: Robert Engel
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL (Xin)
      * Testing ITB 1.1.29
      * Added wlcg attributes and results look good
      * Added allowed_vos 
   * FNAL 
      * Testing ITB 1.1.29 
      * Haven't been able to update SE yet
   * OUHEP
      * Testing ITB 1.1.29
      * Ticket still open on sponsor
   * UC_ITB
      * ITB 1.1.29 
      * Hardware updates in progress
   * VDT
      * No changes


---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin)
   * FNAL 
      * Updating to new ITB release (with gratia)
      * No changes on SE
   * OUHEP
      * Updated to new ITB release (with gratia)
      * Ran into CRL issues but looks like local site issue
   * UC_ITB
      * Updated to latest ITB release
      * Hardware updates still pending
   * VDT
      * No changes

---++ ITB Testing (Scot)
   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p24.html][VDT Notice]]
   * Open issues
      * Gratia
         * Will check accounting logs after running some ITB robot jobs
      * MyProxy
         * Checks out fine on Steve's fermilab machines 
   * Tentatively schedule release for next wed or thursday depending on status of testing

---++ Documentation 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.AboutAuthorizationForCE][Authorization Documentation]] -- Jim Barlow/Steve
      * Steve is reviewing
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.TroubleshootingComputeElement][Troubleshooting CE page]] -- Karthik/Suchandra
      * Will update the log file location to point to new log directory
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ComputeElementFirewalls][Compute Element Firewall]] -- Horst/Robert
      * Horst will review latest comments
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.EnvironmentVariables][Environment Variables]] -- Scot
      * Checking with Alain Roy since he's the owner
   
   * New Documents
      * [[ReleaseDocumentation.HardwareRecommendations][Hardware Recommendations]] 
         * Horst will review
      * [[ReleaseDocumentation.InstallAndConfigureRSV][RSV Configuration]]

---++ AOB
   * None




-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 27 Jan 2011