%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1234192194" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: 
   * Apologies:  
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITBTestingPlan200801][Current Test Plan]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Integration/ITB092/WebHome][Documentation Page]]




---++ ITB Cache, Services and Configuration (Suchandra)
   * Gratia server changes
   * Version scripts for gums/voms/etc. will be removed since they are out of date and report incorrect information.  

---++ ITB Sites

---+++  FNAL - Steven Timm   - CE/Dcache
---+++  LBL - Jeff/Keith  - CE/GUMS (in VTB)/Bestman/GLExec 
---+++ UC_ITB - Suchandra CE/SE/GUMS
---+++  TTU  - Alan - CE/SE 
---+++  BNL  - Xin - CE/
---+++ CIT_CMS_T2 - Michael - CE / GUMS
---+++ Caltech-LIGO - Robert - CE and SE (Bestman gateway)
---+++  CMS_Burt_ITB - Burt Holtzman - CE
---+++  OU  - Horst/Karthik - CE
---+++  Purdue - CE
---+++ Illinios -  Anand - CE/GUMS


---++ Testing coverage of specific services

   * GLExec
      * Xin (BNL)
      * Will be available on CIT-CMS-T2
      * Burt (CIT_Burt_CMS)
      * Jeff/Keith (may have GLExec available)
   * Bestman/xrootd
      * Suchandra (UC_ITB)
      * Xin (BNL - moving hardware to VMs so this may be delayed)
      * Robert ()
      * Iwona (LBL )
      * Horst (Bestman Gateway test)
      * Alan (Bestman/Lustre)
   * GUMS/Prima/Authorization
      * All for prima/authorization
      * GUMS
         * Steven (FNAL)
         * Anand (UIUC)
         * Michael (CIT_CMS_T2)
         * Iwona (LBL)        
   * GIP
      * All participating sites will be checked
   * MPI
      * Purdue
      * Parag 
      * Iwona (LBL)
    

---++ ITB ticket 11868 - GIP/configure-osg changing VO names in their code (*folllow-up*)
%BLUE%----------------------------------%BR%
Main.JohnWeigand comment 2/5/09%BR%
This is a tough one to explain so be patient.

With this release of GIP and configure-osg.py, there is a subtle transformation of the VO name used for advertising (GIP) and validating (configure-osg.py) VO names that are defined in these OSG provided
templates:
   1 edg-mkgridmap.conf
   1 gums.config

Both of these files are used to define the "sub-vo/group" as defined in the generated osg-user-vo-map.txt file on:
   1 the #voi line... for example,
   <verbatim>#voi cdf uscms   </verbatim>
   1 the detail line... for example   <verbatim>
#---- accounts for vo: cdf-cnaf ----#
cdf cdf
#---- accounts for vo: uscmsuser ----#
uscms01 uscms   </verbatim>

The value 'uscms' is derived from:
   1 in edg-mkgridmap.conf, the 3rd token is used for the #voi entry and for the detail lines mapping unix account to vo/subgroup/whatever      <verbatim>
# USER-VO-MAP uscms CMS -- 11 -- (uscms-ops@fnal.gov)
group vomss://voms.cern.ch:8443/voms/cms uscms01</verbatim>
   1 in gums.config, the accountingVO attribute value is used for the same<verbatim>
<groupMapping name="uscmsuser" accountingVo="uscms"
accountingDesc="CMS"/></verbatim>

Both GIP and the configure-osg scripts are reading the detail lines (unix account to vo/subgroup). They are stripping the 'us' from all entries that being with that value, as in 'uscms' being 'cms, 'usatlas' being 'atlas', et al.
   1 GIP uses the changed value for advertising the support VO for the site.
   1 configure-osg.py uses the changed value for validating the sponsor option of the Site Information section of the config.ini.

The issue I am raising is that we should not be "burying" this type of data translation within the code of a service.

We should be making changes to the source of the data. In this case, the 2 templates mentioned above.

I recognize the potential for a transitional period where some sites may not have made the necessary changes and this type of implementation (where it is done in the code) seems justified. However, in the log run and as this kind of thing proliferates, these things will come back to haunt us. There really needs to be a better solution. 
%BR%----------------------------------%BR%
%ENDCOLOR% 
   * Will check with VOs and service providers

---++ Bug Review (*follow-up*)
   * RT 11292 xacml changes to configure-osg -- can close?/ documentation part still needs to be done
   * RT 11305 Globus part fixed, gridmap file part needs to be correct  
   * RT 11433 Documentation updated, waiting for documentation review
   * RT 11475 resolved:
      * the copy attempt will be removed
      * VDT has patch but will put that in at a later time since this isn't a severe bug
   * RT 11483 resolved and waiting vdt update
   * RT 11527 Suchandra and John will discuss this and resolve issues
   * RT 11691 Documentation needs updating
   * RT 11867 syslog-ng configuration
   * RT 11868 configure-osg/gip changing names
   * RT 8196 
      * Fixed in VOMS 2.0.15, will be fixed when that VOMS version gets integrated into VDT

---++ AOB 


%BR%
-- Main.RobGardner - 09 Feb 2009