%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026220" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Robert Engel, Karthik, Scot, Horst, Xin, Steve, 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 1-866-740-1260 Meeting ID 4503064


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ Last Update
   * BNL (Xin)
      * CE updated to ITB 1.1.29
      * Ran several tests using rsv-control 
      * Updated this afternoon
      * Enabled BDII probe
      * A bit confused about allowed_vos 
   * FNAL 
      * Upgrading to ITB 1.1.29
      * Tested a standalone RSV in VTB 
         * Using rsv.ini and configure-osg
         * Ran into a corner case with ignore and probes, Scot would like to add support for this in configure-osg
      * May request email consumer for rsv
   * OUHEP
      * Upgraded to ITB 1.1.29
      * Ran into issues with srm probes but resolved with the latest ITB update from Scot
      * GIP
   * UC_ITB
      * Upgrading ITB 1.1.29 
   * VDT
      * Updated to ITB 1.1.29


---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin)
      * Testing ITB 1.1.29
      * Added wlcg attributes and results look good
      * Added allowed_vos 
   * FNAL 
      * Testing ITB 1.1.29 
      * Haven't been able to update SE yet
   * OUHEP
      * Testing ITB 1.1.29
      * Ticket still open on sponsor
   * UC_ITB
      * ITB 1.1.29 
      * Hardware updates in progress
   * VDT
      * No changes

---++ ITB Testing (Scot)
   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/2.0.0/release-p24.html][VDT Notice]]
   * Open issues
      * configure-osg clobbers gratia metric changes
      * old RSV probes still running?
   * New myproxy update for security issues
   * Optional probes:
      * Additional testing for probes added by Brian (gip metrics)
      * Scot will check on the new srm and ress metric probes
   * Changes to rsv configuration

---++ Documentation 
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.AboutAuthorizationForCE][Authorization Documentation]] -- Jim Barlow/Steve
      * Waiting on Jim Barlow
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.Trash/TroubleshootingComputeElement][Trash/Troubleshooting CE page]] -- Karthik/Suchandra
      * Will update the log file location to point to new log directory
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.ComputeElementFirewalls][Compute Element Firewall]] -- Horst/Robert
      * Horst will review latest comments
   * [[ReleaseDocumentation.EnvironmentVariables][Environment Variables]] -- Scot
      * Checking with Alain Roy since he's the owner
   

---++ AOB
   * Tanya had a question about ce with se accessible through a mount on the worker node
   * Questions about backups before vdt-updaters
      * backup directory increases as updates continues, every once in a while a fresh install should be done to fix this




-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 18 Jan 2011