%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476284999" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Tony, Gabrielle, Steve, Ted, Alan Sill, Alain, Michael, Abhishek, Xin, Jeff, Parag, Terrence, Karthik, Anand,  Britta, Horst
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings, MeetingMinutes 
   * OSG 0.8/ITB 0.7 background
      * ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome

---++ VDT Update/Testing (Alain)
   * VDT update going out for security problem
   * Need volunteers for testing
   * Testing:
      * Suchandra
      * Anand
      * Terrence
      * Alan Sill
      * Jeff
   * Tim Cartwright will coordinate testing
   * Testing tentatively scheduled for Monday
   * Conference call for 1 Central on Friday for testers
   
---++ Site Reports
   * UC_ITB
      * CE, SE 
   * BNL
      * CE okay, SE problems have solution
         * Replica manager has been fixed
         * srm-bringonline is probably a problem in the tester or missing argument
   * CIT_CMS_T2 
      * Gratia only leftover problem (problem due to problem in parameter in condor)
      * *Documentation issue*
   * FNAL_ITB
      * No problems
   * UCSD_CIT_T2
      * No problems   
   * TTU_TESTWULF
      * Testing bestman (will be installing and testing in next few days)
   * LBNL 
      * CE, SE seems to be working
      * Testing GIP modifications with PBS

---++ Site Validation Table (Jeff)
   * Interoperability (Tony)
      * In the process of running tests, making progress
      * No showstoppers reported
   * GIP 
      * Jeff will test bug fix on pbs sites using simplified srm setup (information reporting incorrect in this case)
   * Storage tests
      * RSV SE probe updates work

---++ VO Validation (Abhishek)
   * VO Validation completed 
   * Green flags from all VOs participating
   * Was able to advance opportunistic storage testing (4 sites, 4 VOs participated)
   * Green flag from user group/vos

---++ Bugs / Action Items
   * Configure-osg.py issues
      * cold start problem
   * LRM
      * local resource manager adapters
      * Globus project blank 
      * Need to capture local site modifications
      * Information on this in best practices wiki
      * Steve will update wiki page with LRM stubs
      * Will discuss this with Stu and Globus team to try to improve globus LRMA project
   
 
---++ Documentation
   * *PER_JOB_HISTORY setting, where to document? *
      * Best practices section? 
      * Per installation checklist?
      * Will add reference to sample ini files
   * Review page
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/ITB090/ReviewStatus][Review Page]]
      * Sudoers file

---++ AOB
   * None

-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 22 May 2008