%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1277410000" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Suchandra, Poonam, Iwona, Robert, Doug, Horst, Karthik, Alain, Steve, 
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212* 


---++ Persistent ITB Sites (Xin/Steve/Suchandra/Admins)
---+++ This Week
   * BNL (Xin/Carlos)
      * CE
         * Upgraded to 1.1.23, no issues in testing so far
      * SE
   * FNAL
      * Currently on 1.1.22, will upgrade this afternoon
   * LBNL
      * Upgrading to 1.1.23 using vdt-updater script, will have results    
   * UC_ITB
      * Upgraded to ITB CE 1.1.23
      * Gums and bestman/xrootd also upgraded to ITB 1.1.23
   * VDT Site 
      * Being brought up for osg summer school
      * Won't be available for ITB testing until late July

---++ ITB 1.1.23 Testing
   * OUHEP
      * Noticed an error in the vdt-updater script complaining about bad backup copy
         * Cause may be due to stray globus-job-managers, condor writing into the install directory, or gratia jobs running
         * Most of these are known to the VDT team but is lower in priority 
         * *Iwona will add a note to the known issues page in the ReleaseDocumentation regarding this*
         * *Karthik will investigate this further and investigate with Scot*
   * UC_ITB
      * Installed ce, gums, client, and bestman/xrootd and haven't encountered any problems so far
      * Will upgrade back up copy of itb 1.1.22 and test this after initial testing is completed
   * TTU
      * Planning on installing next week
   * Open issues
      * Java 1.5 may not be removed in certain instances although the binaries aren't in the path
      * Scot is investigating

---++ CA Certs
   * FNAL
      * Will switch to the ITB distribution when reinstalling ITB 
   * Other sites (UC, LBNL, OUHEP) are using ITB ca certs cache
   * An email asking itb sites to switch if they haven't done so, will be sent to the list

---++ Future Releases
   * 4 development efforts in parallel tracks
      * RSV
      * xrootd changes
      * gip reporting from se
      * other smaller updates (glexec, prima, fetch-crl, vdt-updater, vdt-control, setup.sh)
   * May be able to merge and release some of these development efforts in fewer than 4 osg updates develop
   * Updates will be made during the summer

---++ Documentation
   * [[Documentation.DocumentationTeam.ComputeElement][Compute Element Doc Status]]
   * [[Documentation.DocumentationTeam.Integration][Integration Doc Status]]
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocQueue][Documentation Queue]] 
   * Documentation pages updated with testers, owners, and reviewers based on previous tags
   * Page deletion requests should go to Suchandra 
   * Documentation meeting tomorrow

---++ AOB
   * None


-- Main.SuchandraThapa - 24 Jun 2010
