%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476803222" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProjectPlanning"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * 1pm Central / 11 am Pacific
   * Phone: 309-946-5300, #735188
   * Trash/SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar
   * Attending: Rob, Robert, Suchandra, Iwona
   * Apologies: none


---++ OSG 1.0.1 deployment (Marco)
   * *last week*
      * Released
   * *this week*
      * How many sites have deployed OSG 1.0.1?
      * Michael Thomas feedback - there were a few problems with the Q & A of the script.
      * NERSC upgraded
      * RSV probe configuration issue from Poonam.  Fixed by a comment in config.ini - host name and port.  RSV probe documentation for SGE.  Again, another config.ini comment issue.
      * Starting up web-services - sequencing startup of msql - there is a VDT ticket.


---++ OSG 1.2 preparations (Suchandra)
   * *last week*
      * See meeting minutes: MinutesPlanningMay01
      * SVN prep
      * VTB testing plan (Iwona)
   * *this week*
      * Have been discussing with Tim - waiting for VDT caches.  Schedule?  Late this week.
      * Pacman template files are ready.  Need to finish export script to generate a pacman cache.  Will speak with Alain about SVN structure and process for moving releases back and forth.  May follow VDT's pattern for moving between.
      
---++ VTB testing (Iwona)
   * Robert - will install CE
   * Horst - wn-client
   * Suchandra - SE
   * Iwona - GUMS, Squid
   * Follow-up on initial tests on Thursday



---++ Documentation fixes (Keith)
   * Iwona will follow-up with Keith.


---++ Footprints
   * Should we convert to using this?
   * Suchandra will circulate an email describing the system.


---++ New dCache release testing (Suchandra)
   * *last week*:
      * Suchandra will install and Iwona will test it
   * *this week*:
      * Installed on uct3-edge6.  Will do some validation.  Vary clients.  Look at load response with multiple transfers.


---++ Site Admins meeting (Marco)
   * *last week*
      * Robert and Iwona both plan on attending
   * *this week*



---++ Campfire
   * Schedule set for this week - sign up.  Are we covered?




---++ Weekly round-up (plans for the week)



---+++ Suchandra 
   * *last week*
      * will work on scripting pacman cache file movement
      * will do a dcache upgrade of uc_itb dcache se 
      * will work on ?
      * finished vo package validation
   * *this week*
      * dcache testing
      * svn repo; coordination w/ alain
      * footprints announce

---+++ Iwona  
   * *last week*
      * Install another production CE
      * Install bestman production SE
      * Will come up with vtb testing plan
      * Will test Suchandra's dcache upgrade
   * *this week*
      * will do dcache testing
      * will writeup and send to osg-storage
      * keith re: documentation
      * will start VTB testing once vdt cache is available
      * one more CE to install w/ 1.0.1
      * campfire chat very

---+++ Robert 
   * *last week*
      * working on E@H this week
   * *this week*
      * will do VTB CE install
      * telecon and campfire
      * testing loads. 


---+++ Keith 
   * *last week*
   * *this week*


---++ AOB
   * OSG storage technology workshop registration: http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=2538
   * http://itb3.uchicago.edu/w



%BR%
-- Main.RobGardner - 11 May 2009