%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1254843776" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProjectPlanning"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%


---++ Introduction
   * Tuesdays, 4pm Central
   * Phone: 309-946-5300, #735188
   * Attending: 


---++ VTB testing status
   * 
   * 
   * 


---++ ITB cache issues
   *  
   * 



---++ OSG 1.2 deployment and issues (Marco)
   * *last meeting(s):* List of tickets:
      * Gratia probes are a problem.  CMS request.  *STILL OPEN* - Suchandra will follow-up.
      * GUMS probe - needs testing.  Iwona: had authentication issues.  There was a suggestion from Steve to use a service certificate. *STILL OPEN* 
      * Gratia probes new release tomorrow.  *STILL OPEN* - Suchandra
      * RSV control can be used, but it still has bugs. 
      * OSG 1.2 open issues will be assigned to Marco (by hand)  *REPORT NEXT WEEK*
   * *this meeting:*
      * 
      * 
      * 


---++ RSV Control (Marco)
   * *last week(s):*
      * New version coming - twiki page 
      * Iwona has been testing - adding features
      * Adding feature to allow jobs RSV probes to be run as rsvuser
      * Working on refresh of html pages once probes are added or removed
      * Will be discussed next week's site coordination meeting
      * Getting feedback from Scott, Suchandra, Xin, Sarah
   * *this week:*
      *
      *
      *



---++ Documentation
   * *last meeting*:
      * identify what needs review
      * separate CE install in 2: 1.0.x and 1.2.y  *TODO*
      * Suchandra will create a hotlist of problematic pages  *DONE*
         * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/SuchandraThapaSandbox][Initial List]]
         * Move the priority queue of topic-pages for editing into rel doc *TODO* - Suchandra
      * Review ITB footprints queue *TODO* - Suchandra
      * Jim W - has a content standard document: Integration.NewOSGServices
      * Standalone !GridFTP server, currently part of Bestman gateway, package exist in ITB, will probably in OSG 1.2.2 
         * Iwona will document her recent installation in a twiki page  *TODO*
   * *this meeting*:
      * 
      * 
      * 


---++ Campfire (Marco)
   *  SiteCoordination.ChatCalendar


---++ Colombia workshops (Rob)
   * OSG will be holding a two week workshop in Bogota, Colombia
   * Focus will be on client tools (Jose) and prototype grid building (Rob)
   * See ReleaseDocumentation.GridColombiaWorkshop2009



---++ Carry over topics
   * *last meeting(s)*:
      * Concerns on reliability of GOC servers; identify all GOC services; Monitor reliability of GOC services; Review reliability in October; Nagios monitoring *TODO*
      * Use information for SLA agreement in October  *TODO* (Rob)
      * It would be useful to start a Nagios project to monitor critical GOC resources: *TODO*
         * monitor if resources are up
         * send an email if the resource is not up
         * provide selected view of GOC resources
   * *this meeting:*
      *  
      *  
      *  



---++ Weekly round-up (plans for the week)

*Iwona:*
   * *last week(s)*:
      * standalone !GridFTP
         * documentation in release documentation
      * work with Sarah, integration of RSV and Nagios
         * solution installing RSV on Nagios node (to improve security)
         * provide documentation in release twiki
      * will test dCache update 
      * will start CE document separation
      * Two documentation issues mentioned above.
      * RSV probe test, if available, but sounds like it will be next week.
      * SGE job manager environment issue - review, and test if its been fixed or not; need update to proceed.
      * Testing the GUMS probe
      * SL5 for VTB nodes; there is a warning in the document.
      * Standalone griftp documentation - there is a basic page there; working w/ doc group.
      * Suchandra will put into production cache
      * RSV control iteration testing.  Will start a twiki page in the release documentation
      * Testing pre-VDT bestman features for Alex
   * *this week:*
      * 
      * 
      * 


*Suchandra*
   * *last week(s)*:
      * dCache update
      * GIP update and test
      * Thursday meeting: 
         * joint integration and deployment
         * open for discussions o
      * look at the documentation
         * identify what needs review
      * gratia probe testing follow-up
      * wn-client update troubleshooting, if any
      * configure-osg support for gratia probe metric
      * configure-osg updates to support bm-xrd config using ini files, rsv - standalone, gums
      * brian will test in nebraska
      * will send a notice - tomorrow COB to ask others to have a look
   * *this week:*
      * 
      * 
      * 
     

*Marco*
   * *last week(s):*
      * give Iwona and Suchandra current RSV control scripts for feedback
      * add scripts for installation and testing
      * rsv control
      * site admins telecon meeting next week
   * *this week:*
      * 
      * 
      * 


*Robert*
   * *last week(s):*
      *  
      *  
   * *this week:*
      * 
      * 
      * 



%BR%
-- Main.RobGardner - 06 Oct 2009
