%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1480625634" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProjectPlanning"}%
---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attending: 
   * Apologies: 
   * Coordinates:  Monday 1:30PM Central
   * Phone: (309) 946-5300, Access code: 735188; Dial *6 to mute/un-mute.
 

---++ This meeting
Purpose of this meeting is to coordinate project tasks within the Trash/Integration and Sites Coordination activities.

---++ GIP, GUMS testing (Jeff)
   * *follow-up from last meeting*:
      * the gip testing seems ok however the validation process was broken e.g. web-pages and docs no longer work & Tony wasn't aware of their existence.  We're trying to recover.  One of my sites (LBNL_VTB) looks ok via the new validation scheme, the other is reporting mixed messages to CEmon vs BDII.  I expect to work with Tony tomorrow afternoon/Tuesday to isolate the problem.  Suchandra was going to do an install as well but I've not heard on that yet.
      * I am ready to install new GUMS to run the new set of tests.  I figure I can get the first pass on the VTB done before EOB Wednesday assuming no big problems. I haven't heard whether it is in the VDT test cache yet.
       

---++ ITB schedule & plans (Suchandra)
   * *from last meeting:*
      * Current testing plan draft is [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/SoftwareTools/Late2008BigUpdate][here]]
      * Timeframe from VDT ~ next week.
      * VTB test - need to talk with Jeff
      * ITB sites: UC_ITB, Steve Timm's site, LBL, Terrence Martin, Caltech (Dec 12)
      * Next ITB meeting, week from Thursday
      * GIP testing - to be completed today
      * SEG testing for gt2
      * Synthetic workload generator, http://uct3-edge5.uchicago.edu/


---++ Caltech (Robert)
   * *last meeting*:
      * Next week, following week, will be installing cluster.
      * 15 nodes, 3 head nodes, 12 computes (8 cores, 16 GB memory, 2 TB disks)
      * Have two front-ends running.  Need host certificate.


---++ Documentation alignment initiative
Continuing our discussion on documentation:
<pre>
From Ruth:

a) Is any one responsible for taking information in tickets, mail lists, discussions 
which impact documentation and making sure the changes get made and reviewed?
b) Would we benefit from bringing in an expert outsider e.g. do you or Charles know 
if the people who do the Globus and/or TeraGrid technical pages are consultants, 
available for 3 months etc etc.
c) Are the Client and User pages equivalent in quality/scope to the Site Install and 
Administrators pages.
d) Is this a time/opportunity to really engage the education /training side and have 
more integrated information, cross linkages.
e) Operational Security hints/kinks/tools/help; leverage from EGEE isec information.
f) Do you have a specific request for additional/different effort needed from 
outside the existing team.
</pre>

   * *follow-up from last time*
      * a) Charles: Globus team - uses a feedback link and forms are used, sends to a mailing list. 
      * d) Charles: OSG EDU event in March, working w/ Alina. Release documentation is both a reference and "how-to".  Need to separate this out. 
      * c) Jeff will help
      * e) Rob will follow-up Mine

   * We need to integrate approach with Aliina (she'll attend tomorrow's meeting)

---++ Sites not updating VO information (Suchandra)
   * *follow-up from last week:*
      * vo-map.txt
      * vo members in GUM
      * We need a clear statement about what to do.  Suchandra will clarify.


---++ AOB
   * Site admins workshop in Lousiana



%BR%

-- Main.RobGardner - 12 Dec 2008