%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1186004323" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ Site Coordination Planning Page
%TOC%
---++ Introduction
Page to collect input on sites coordination activity, to begin in OSG Year 2.  
   * See Site Administrators Technical Meeting, [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=866][here]].
   * Fee free to post comments/suggestions on this page!

---++ OSG Project plan
| *1.3.2* | *Site Coordination* | *Start* | *Finish* |
| 1.3.2.1  | Develop benchmarks for good OSG sites; audit sites against benchmark; and, support sites in reaching conformance | 10/01/07 | 12/01/07 |
| 1.3.2.2 | Monthly analysis of operational metrics (per OSG metrics plan) to identify less than optimal performance sites; create work queue; for follow-up functional and diagnostic testing. | 12/01/07 | 09/30/07 |
| 1.3.2.3 | Functional/diagnostic testing of OSG sites (identified via operations metrics analysis) resulting in guidance to site owners on how to improve performance. | 12/01/07	| 09/30/07 |

---++ Site Coordinators Meeting Input (July 30-31, 2007)
   * ITB mailing list is busy, and we should have a low-bandwidth channel with clear instructions for how to install the ITB, and when to do it. And the process of installing it needs to be simple.
   * Quarterly face to face meetings, with following format:
      * One day meetings, roughly noon-to-noon
      * Meeting location - Fermilab, for its centrality.  WH1W well-liked. *Don't use Curia II.*
      * Schedule tutorials on morning of first day
      * Lightning talks are good
      * Demand for remote video
      * Next meeting - early December 2007
   * Monthly telecons
      * Metrics review (Deputy Facility Coordinator)
      * Report from OSG Users  (OSG Users Coordinators)
      * Lightning talks
   * Concern about having too many meetings when we factor in the user group meetings (quite a few were interested in the user meeting) and the all-hands meeting. 
   * We should figure out when it's appropriate to co-locate the site admin meetings with other meetings.
   * osg-sites@opensciencegrid.org for communication

---++ Action Items
   * Follow-up on the issue Xin raised: representing logical and physical sitenames in the information and accounting services.
   * Establish "best practices" clearing house  (done, by Steve, see further his [[https://indico.fnal.gov/contributionDisplay.py?contribId=20&sessionId=15&confId=866][talk]])
   * Fix dates for next face-to-face meeting.
   * Encourage people to register to osg-sites.
   * Need a osg-sites-notify mail list for important communications (separate from discussion threads).


-- Main.RobGardner - 30 Jul 2007
