%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1193835107" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <noop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Background: This is the first tele-meeting of the OSG Sites Coordination group which consists of participating OSG site admins and managers. 
   * Attendees: Terrence / UCSD, Tom / GOC, Xin /BNL, Rob / UC, Kevin /Vanderbilt, Arvind / GOC, Wayne Betts / BNL, Charles / Caltech, Jeff/LBL, Sherayus / NERSC, Anand/uiuc, Brian Moe / UW Milwaukee, Alain / VDT, Gabriele /FNAL, Michael / Caltech, Wei / SLAC, Horst+Karthik/OU, Chris Green / FNAL,  Todd / U Wisc, Suchandra / UC, Doug / LBL, Burt /FNAL, Steven /FNAL, Anne / FNAL, Abhishek / UCSD
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, #1212
   * Previous meetings:
      * July 30-31, 2007 (Fermilab): https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=866
   * Planning: SitesCoordinationPlanning

---++ News about OSG 0.8 and VDT 1.8.1 (Alain/RobG)
   * Current ITB release is ITB 0.7.1: ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome 
   * Validation progress, ReleaseDocumentation.SiteValidationTable
   * VDT 1.8.1, http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.8.1/release.html
   * Reminder to come to VDT office hourse to give feedback and get info about VDT
   * *Will be circulating an online survey to help sites plan their OSG 0.8 deployments, and communicate those plans to OSG*

---++ OSG performance metrics review  (Todd Tannenbaum, OSG Deputy Facility Coordinator)
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/sitemetrics.ppt][sitemetrics.ppt]]: Todd's Metrics Talk
   * Introduce the OSG metrics.. measurements of our effectiveness.
   * Q: how are we auditing the metrics?  How do we know the metrics are "authentic"? Good question!  Note there have been examples of problems with units in the recent past.
   * Q: Trouble ticket metrics.  How to account for the case where there are unresponsive users. There is lots of room for improvement. Institutional pride plays a big role!
   * Q: *Call for a place on web where metrics can be viewed.*
   * Q: how to account for differring capabilities of different sites in the metrics?

---++ Report from OSG users (Chris Green)
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/UG_Report_2007_09_28.ppt][UG_Report_2007_09_28.ppt]]: Chris' OSG user report
   * There are some recurring issues, owing to the maturity of the software in the OSG stack.
      * For sites to support the VO's that they claim to support.  There is significant overhead in getting onto a site - find that about only 50% of the sites authenticate all the VOs they claim to.  
      * Several VOs have multiple applications from multiple groups and people.   Eg., Engage (non-physics) and OSG VOs (new and small users).  Fermilab VO is an umbrella for several experiments.
      * Sites which suspend or preempt jobs - for long-running jobs that are long since the overhead was high (lots of I/O).  Some sites "trap", suspending the job without releasing it. 
      * Would be nice if sites could reconsider the use of preemption.  If they really need it, can we advertise this somehow so users know not to match against it.
      * There is the preemption flag in the glue schema, but its just yes/know.  Job retirement time - but its not advertized.   Supposed to be in the *Polcy URL*.
      * Mappings of DNs to accounts.  Do sites honor FQAN information from VOMS.  *From a users point of view, the more sites that use VOMS and GUMS the better*.  Note - there is plenty of help with the deployment.  People will be trying to run with two different VOs.
   * If sites have MPI resources, would request these are made available to the OSG infrastructure. (Two sites providing this now - Nersc and Purdue).
   * There is an OSG - Users group with an open agenda every second week. Will use this forum to communicate user requests, and to inform users of specific usage problems.

---++ Lightning talk: RSV (Arvind Gopu)
   * What is RSV? 
      * Site level validation of resources and services that run on them
      * We provide default scheduling infrastructure based on Condor-cron
      * Default set of probes including critical OSG probes
      * Site level web interface to RSV results for all hosts being monitored by that site admin
      * Results of local site validation tests are uploading into a central GOC maintained RSV database.
      * Data exchange between OSG GOC and WLCG SAM for interoperability
   * How can I get RSV? [[http://peart.ucs.indiana.edu/docs/osg/vdt-package.html][RSV Install Guide]]
   * Can I contribute probes to RSV? Yes! In fact, we welcome OSG collaborators and site admins to contribute probes for specific tests they think will be useful to the OSG community as a whole
      * You can use Perl module we've developed as a starting point, and plug in tests into a template script
      * Or, you can write your own scripts in any other programming language, as long as they conform to the [[https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/GridMonitoringProbeSpecification][WLCG probe specification 0.91]] w.r.t input parameters they take and output they print out; and some additional OSG specific requirements (that are necessary to facilitate uploading of data into central RSV database).
      * Expect more documentation about both of the above options RSN
   * Why [[http://peart.ucs.indiana.edu/docs/osg/why-condor-cron-for-rsv.txt][condor-cron instead of Unix-cron]] ??
   * Questions: please email [[http://peart.ucs.indiana.edu/docs/osg/rsv-contact-info.html][RSV developers mailing list]]
   * Coming soon: Updated RSV in VDT 1.8.1a -- includes capability to use existing Condor 6.9.x install; and monitoring multiple CEs from one monitoring host; web interface to local RSV results; RSV documentation in the rsv.grid.iu.edu domain.

---+++ Questions
   * Concern about documentation - most of it is on an external webpage.  Arvind will make sure that its well integrated with the twiki.
   * How about using Nagios plugins or Monalisa?   Note Tomasz is working on Nagios plugins wrappers - Arvind will follow-up.
   * What are the long term plans for proxies and their renewal?  One idea was to have a central myproxy server; don't know the best answer at the moment.

---++  Next face-to-face meeting
   * Tentative date: Wednesday, Thursday December 5-6, 2007.   
      * Would start the meeting at 1:30pm on 12/5/07 and go to noon on 12/6/07
   * Location: Fermilab 
   * *Decided at the meeting we would take an online survey for this*

-- Main.ArvindGopu - 04 Oct 2007
  


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="UG_Report_2007_09_28.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Chris' OSG user report" date="1191527462" path="UG_Report_2007_09_28.ppt" size="139264" user="Main.RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="sitemetrics.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Todd's Metrics Talk" date="1191526149" path="sitemetrics.ppt" size="154624" user="Main.ToddTannenbaum" version="1"}%
