%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026222" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! <nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++ Introduction
   * Attendees: Ted, Suchandra, Rob G, Wayne, Chris, Jeff, Burt, Kevin, Horst, Anand, Gabriele, Alain, Todd, Tom, Rob Q, Xin, Shreyes
   * Apologies: none
   * Coordinates: Thursday, 2:30pm Central; 510-665-5437, *#1212*
   * Previous meetings:
      * SitesCoordJan10
      * December 12-13, 2007: [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1344][Sites coordination meeting, Fermilab]]
         * MinutesSitesDec12
         * MinutesSitesDec13
      * November 8, 2007: SitesCoordNov8
      * October 4, 2007: SitesCoordOct4 
      * July 30-31, 2007 (Fermilab): https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=866


---++ News from the facility deputy (Todd) 
   * OSG 1.0 is coming.  Timeline: VDT release in mid-March.  OSG 1.0 release targeted for May 1.
      * System !OpenSLL
      * New VOMS
      * AIX and Debian support
      * New gridftp
   * Update to VDT 1.8.1 next week - with new dCache version 1.8 which adds support SRM v2.2.
   * Policy issues for RSV, public/private information, especially w/ regards to WLCG.
   * Concern about cron jobs - esp those dealing w/ security related info (fetchers of crls, etc).  Cron jobs are not managed - little centralized management control.
   * Blacklisting users - a user may break OSG policy, but not have their cert revoked.   For individual users - you could use SAZ. Not in VDT but could be.
   * Changing mechanisms by which the crl invocations happen - right now through VDT, thinking about migrating it to the Operations.

---++ Status of OSG 0.8 deployments and feedback (Rob Q)
   * A bit over 56% OSG 0.6 have deployed to OSG 0.8.  No OSG 0.4 sites left.
   * Trash/Trash/Troubleshooting/operations campaign is there but not heavily used.  Seems installation process is quite a bit smoother compared to previous releases.
   * Configuration of RSV is not trivial - but we're working on it.  Expect improvements in OSG 1.0.
   * No gripes from the group at this time.
   * Chris Green notes there may be a race condition during installation whereby the Gratia probe may become activated before the osg-user-vo-map.txt file is updates. 


---++ Reports from OSG Users (Chris Green) 
   * Lots of sites not reporting to !ReSS
   * OSG VO operations support.  Most common problem is local accounts are not created.
   * 50% of OSG sites do not the OSG VO.  (40 sites)
      * Why?
      * Rob Q - notes this may be intentional, but it may be lack of attention.
   * RSV probes can be used at some point in the future.  Gabriele in discussions with RSV team about this.  Hopefully in time for March 15.
   * There will be a panel at the site admins workshop next month.


---++ Lightning talk: progress on WS Gram testing (Jeff Porter)
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/ws-gram-testing-siteadmin.ppt][ws-gram-testing-siteadmin.ppt]]: ws-gram testing lightning talk
   * WSGramValidation
   * Several people have contributed to this work - Suchandra, Terrence, Stu, ...

---++ Next meeting - at OSG All Hands
   * All Hands meeting [[http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1037][agenda]]: March 3-6, 2008 
   * Site Administrator's workshop: Monday, March 3
   * Agenda: http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceOtherViews.py?view=standard&amp;confId=1037

-- Main.RobGardner - 08 Feb 2008
 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="ws-gram-testing-siteadmin.ppt" attachment="ws-gram-testing-siteadmin.ppt" attr="" comment="ws-gram testing lightning talk" date="1203020361" path="ws-gram-testing-siteadmin.ppt" size="412672" stream="ws-gram-testing-siteadmin.ppt" user="Main.JeffPorter" version="1"}%
