From: Ruth <ruth@fnal.gov>
Date: May 15, 2006 2:25:09 PM CDT
To: osg-eb@opensciencegrid.org
Subject: Notes from EB meeting, CDIGS representative, OSG news and web pages and next meeting is July 10th 

Various topics to keep you up to date on:

1) Next EB meeting. I only heard back from Bill and he is available July 10th and probably not July 17th. The next EB is therefore July 10th at 12 noon PST,Ê 2 pm CST, 3 pm EST. The schedule is that it lasts 4 hours.

2) Minutes from the 5/8/06 Executive Board meeting: 

Attending: Albert, Leigh, Doug, Alain, Torre, Ruth, Frank W., Bill, Miron,
External Project representative: Frank Van Lingen, Ultralight.

Part I:
Frank introduced the ultralight project. The information is covered in his subsequent message. 
We proposed that activities to ready and deploy deliverables from Ultralight in the first year would focus on monitoring of the network and publishing the information for services to use.

Part II:
How do we respond to agency requests for: understanding synergy and overlap of LIGO PIF and OSG proposal; request to identify effort for support of non-physics communities; demonstrate plan for proper project management of the OSG program: Include expectations in Statement of Work; progress and effort tracking (earned value tracking); need to baseline work plan and schedule 50 days after start of project and then have change control process.

Discussed the goals of the support centers meeting and need to have: more clear and accessible information for new and existing site administrators; discuss VO Ð OSG Agreement document;

2) Members of EB from CDIGS/Globus 
Stu Martin is nominated as the member of the EB from CDIGS/Globus. He has been already actively working with OSG on the TeraGrid interoperability and WS Gram testing activities. 

2)Ê Other EB external project representation
We are discussing with LIGO to have Patrick Brady, PI of the LIGO PIF, to be an external project representative on the OSG EB.

3) OSG News 
Here are tentative schedule for OSG News articles. I am interested in more suggestions and comments. Is this a useful way to increase regular communication within OSG? 

May: Application co-chairs - overview of applications, status and plans; LIGO applications on OSG; Configuring your Compute Element - pointers and ideas
June: news from Education, Outreach and Training coordinator (post grid school); Nanohob applications; Configuring your Storage Element - pointers and ideas
July: Integration Activity - Plans for functionality enhancements to OSG over next six months; Science papers benefiting from OSG; Plans for the Consortium meeting
August: news from the Consortium meeting; Validation and Testing of the OSG

4) OSG web pages. 
Torre and Frank reviewed the web pages and have a list of comments for osg-docs. http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/MinutesOSGAppCoords 
ÊSome of these have been dealt with, others will be worked on at the support centers meeting. The docs group would appreciate review 

