%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1298998782" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
-- Main.ScottTeige - 01 Mar 2011
---++ RPM Release and Repository Discussion
   * Last week during production release 
      * A repository was enabled and newer versions were found and used. RSV reports did not work correctly.
         * Repository is at Nebraska - The are hosting RPMs that didn't work at IU.  Is being investigated by GOC.  
      * Rolled back and all is well, no other services effected.
      * Procedure modified so this will not happen again.
   * Do we need an "official" repository? - Will ask Brian about how to get those RPMs into a repository that we use (software cache)

---++ BNL downtime problems resolved
   * Multiple issues caused the problem
      * Downtime description field limited to 500 characters at SAM
          * this caused 2/3 of records to fail
      * One record was an update SAM would not accept resent record (duplicate key)
          * Updates are always done by hand.  
   * Discussing fix for 500 character limit now. Certainly fixed in next version (~6 months)
         * GOC will put in a truncation for the time being so that records don't bounce when being sent.  Truncation warning is an option.

---++ Hosting Gratia Display at the GOC
   * Production, ITB and Development VMs allocated

---++ Puppet memory issues (caused Display downtime)
   * have implemented alarms on all ITB instances monitoring puppetd memory use
   * have slowed the leak to <1% of total machine memory per week (Smallest memory machines)
   * will change puppet mode of operation to eliminate problem (cron vs. daemon)
   * currently reviewing memory use alarms
   * There will be a cron to fix this.  - we use 5-6 cron jobs per machine. - tabled for now

---++ 3rd BDII v4
   * Ready very soon, current priority.

---++ Operations this week
   * ITB release, Release note later today.
   * MyOSG? search feature
   * Update to installed capacity script
   * Minor cosmetic changes and bug fixes in ticket

---++ JIRA Spreadsheet
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/jira31.xlsx][jira31.xlsx]]: jira31.xlsx
   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure][OSG JIRA]]

---++ Chander
   * Do we have any plans for hardware/server additions that need to be funded?
      * What do we need? - GOC will need to report back to Chander with a list of pending server/VM requests and whether GOC feels they are approved or candidate. Example:  What is the status of the Pakiti server request?

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="jira31.xlsx" attachment="jira31.xlsx" attr="h" comment="" date="1298984695" path="jira31.xlsx" size="18702" stream="jira31.xlsx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp34453" user="ScottTeige" version="1"}%
