%META:TOPICINFO{author="DougOlson" date="1147891468" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WedMay17"}%
---++ Summary Notes from May 16, Session 1.
---+++ OSG RA
Overview of plans & procedures. - No new action items.
---+++ Ticket routing
New action items?
---+++ Real ticket examples
	* misconfigured sites - *fix grid3-user-vo-map.txt* - notify sites
	* missing or inaccurate *site policies* - notify sites
	* need more and accurate info from sites
		* site policies will help - *get all sites with published policies*
		* GIP should help - *VO/users try GLUE/GIP info and see what else is needed*
	* is *ticket ownership* for problem solving well understood?
---+++ Community Support
	* need to restart/re-energize this effort
	* the maillist is working well
---+++ Production documentation
	* Who will finish up and validate Documentation.GridUsersGuide?
		* Nikolay (in absentia)
		* Dina?
		* Steve Clark?


-- Main.DougOlson - 17 May 2006

