%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047975" format="1.1" version="1.11"}%
---+ Operations Meeting October 13, 2014
   * 13:00 Eastern 
   * Phone Number and Jabber VC: 812.856.7060 x231000
   * Attending: Tom, Rob, Elizabeth, Fred, Suchandra, Joe, Kyle, Alain, Chris, Michel
   * [[http://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=c1htpcfoe6btrtc7n3uddg8mvs%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/New_York][GOC weekly calendar]]

---++ Operations Last Week
   * [[http://tinyurl.com/ocddkh7][GOC Services Availability/Reliability]]
   * [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus/index?datasource=status&count_sg_1=on&count_active=on&count_enabled=on][Current Status]]

---++++ Grid Operations Center
   * Minor content update to OIM on Friday to enable perfSONAR redirect for datastore. 
   * CERN VOMS updates coming to VO-Package for release on November 11th.
   * OSG IPv6 Preparations and status presented to WLCG Working Group - [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OperationsServicesIPv6Compatibility][TWiki Page]] 
      * Will be presented at !HEPix Wednesday
   * Soichi, Scott PTO. 

---++++ !FermiGrid Ops

   * Nothing to note

---++++ WMS Glide In Factory

---++++ OSG-Connect
   * Daily hours by project for Oct 6 - Oct 13: <br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/daily_hours_by_project.png" alt="daily_hours_by_project.png" width='800' height='500' />    
   * Degradation of service friday
      * OSD daemon went down and took 30 drives with it
      * Puppet rules resulted in OSD being upgraded and having a different version than other Ceph instances
      * Resolved Saturday and should be fine now
      * No data loss issues

---++ Operations This Week

---++++ Grid Operations Center
   * Very Minor Release - TWiki Security Update
   * !HTCondorCE training session October 20 and 21
   * Working on adding perfSONAR data store to LHCONE network
   * [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/news/][OSG Newsletter]] - Released

---++++ !FermiGrid Ops

   * The third Thursday of the month (our scheduled maintenance day) is this week.  The only externally facing service that will be effected is the gratia database.  Nothing will change on the databases actually but the network switch to which the databases are connected have some "stuck" processes per networking and need to be rebooted and updated.  They have asked for 9-10AM but they think it will only take 10 minutes.
   * We will also update some of our internal glideinwms frontends and factories to the latest versions from the OSG repository.

---++++ WMS Glide In Factory

---++++ OSG-Connect
 
---++ New Registrations

---+++ Virtual Organizations
| Name | VO URL | Other Info | Ticket |
| SCDA | Http://simonfoundation.org | Genomic alignment jobs, computation biology calculations, life science related signal processing jobs will be calculated | https://oim.grid.iu.edu/oim/voedit?id=115 |
---+++ Support Centers
| Name | Other Info | Ticket |

---+++ Resources
| Name | Support Center | Resource URL | Other Info | Ticket |


---+++ Removed from OSG
| Name | Other Info | Ticket |

---++ OSG PKI

---+++ OSG RA Items & CA Questions
   * I'm still waiting for a confirmation back from either Mine or Kevin for Grid Admin requests.  Tickets 22696 & 22653.

---+++ OSG RA Over 5 Day Report
|Request ID	|Age days	|Requester	|Requester Email		|Request |							
|22659	|5 days	|Sean	Gasiorowski	|sgasiorowski@uchicago.edu	|User Certificate Request for Sean Gasiorowski(VO:ATLAS)|	

---++ GOC Tickets

%TABLE{ sort="on" }%
| *Ticket #* | Support Center | Action/Summary | GOC Assignee | Notes | VO Present? %X% %Y%|


   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/list/open][View Open GOC Tickets]] | [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/TicketReports][OSG Operations Metrics]] |[[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus?count_sg_1&count_active=on&count_enabled=on&datasource=status][Operational Service Overview]]


---++ WLCG & EGI Operations

---++ Security

---++ AOB

   * OSG AHM Save the Date, March 23-27 - [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2014/10/save-date-2015-osg-all-hands-meeting.html][Details]]

---++ Action Items from Meeting



%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="daily_hours_by_project.png" attachment="daily_hours_by_project.png" attr="" comment="Daily hours by project for Oct 6 - Oct 13" date="1413219217" path="daily_hours_by_project.png" size="53387" stream="daily_hours_by_project.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp45754" user="SuchandraThapa" version="1"}%
