%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1133807277" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProductionMeetingMinutes"}%
%TOC%

---+Operations Meeting December 5, 2005

Attendees: 

---++Previous Meeting Notes
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesNovember28
---++Current OSG Trouble Tickets Review
http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm
---++Support Centers Roundtable/Rollcall
---+++Fermilab
---+++USATLAS

---+++USCMS

---+++CDF

---+++DES/SDSS

---+++DZero

---+++fMRI

---+++GADU

---+++GLOW

---+++GRASE

---+++LIGO

---+++STAR

---++Other Issues

GROW Registration Request.

I apologise that I am unable to attend the operations meetings. Here are some  items I have asked the Operations Group about previously (I hope!) - Ruth
  - Move of MonaLisa repository version from ITB to production - it  has been in use on the ITB for over 2 weeks I believe.
  - Matrix of which VOs can execute jobs on which sites. Is operations active in following up on this with each of the Support Centers?
  - BDII for the Integration Test Bed. Is there a url for this from the Integration Grid Web pages.
  - Outages of ML Monitoring - is there a way of having an alarm for this? 
  - issues for which the Operations group needs decisions or intervention should be emailed to the IEB and Deployment group after the operations meeting. 
  - Operations Status and plans for provisioning OSG 0.4.0
  - Emailing text from the Daily Usage Reports  to the Status mail list.

-- Main.TimSilvers - 05 Dec 2005

