%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985957" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProductionMeetingMinutes"}%
---+ Operations Meeting July 2, 2007

Attendees: Fred, David Cafaro (!GuGrid), Kevin Butterbaugh (Vanderbilt), Kyle, Arvind, Rob, Tim (GOC), Eric (GROW), Dan Felker (UNM), Jack Schmidt (Fermilab), Steve Clark (nanoHUB), Doug Olson, Xin, Ian (SBGrid), Karthick and Horst (OU), Wayne Betts (STAR), Shreyas (NERSC), 

   * 12:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesJune25][previous meeting]]

Reminder to register for the upcoming OSG Site Administrators Technical Meeting at Fermilab (July 30, 31). The hope is to have at least one admin from each site. Information and registration is available at https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=866

---++ Hot Topics for the week

1) Highlights from the ATLAS Tier2 Conference two weeks ago

No one was available to go through the highlights this week. However, it was revealed that Tier 2 sites were required to upgrade by the end of June.

2) VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo spotlight on STAR

The bundles they're running generate 200MB files which are sent back to the site via globus-rurl-copy....200-300 jobs per bundle. Not currently running. Raw data comes back and they submit it to the PDSF-NERSC site for production. They're working on a framework to monitor their efficiency, which they have determined so far is at 96%.

3) Upgraded to 0.6.0 status

Roughly 50 sites are now using 0.6.0. Are there any sites making plans to upgrade to 0.6.0?

---++ OSG RA Items

DOEGrids CA service outage this week (Thursday 9AM-1PM PDT), http://www.grid.iu.edu/news/news.php?id=317

---++ Pending Registrations

None.

---++ [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/tickets][Open GOC Tickets]] | [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/reports/ticketreports.html][OSG Operations Metrics]]

3706 Problems with Purdue-RCAC not reporting support for nanoHUB or other VOs on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS
   * GOC will look into this issue. It came in over the weekend and it has not yet been investigated.


---+++ Other issues

A new VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo package was released last week. This corrects some of the case issues in the gums template with some of the VOs. See the news items http://www.grid.iu.edu/news

---+++WLCG/OSG/EGEE Issues

1) Reporting through OSG to the SAM (Service Availability Monitoring for LCG) environment will probably be around September, although things may be in place before then. This is not the SAM related to DZero. More about SAM is available at http://peart.ucs.indiana.edu/docs/osg/

---++ Open Technical Discussion of the Operations Group Developments & Plans

---+++ WLCG interoperability

   * WLCG Collaboration workshop September 1-2 2007, Victoria, BC, Canada (co-located with CHEP 2007)
http://indico.cern.ch/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=3578


---+++ Support Center Attendance
%TABLE{ tableborder="1" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="1" headerbg="#99CCCC" databg="#FFFFCC, #FFFFFF"}%

|*SC*     |*July 2*|
|DOSAR    |    |
|nanoHUB  |  %Y%  |
|STAR     |  %Y%  |
|OSG-GOC  |  %Y%  |
|GROW     |  %Y%  |
|USCMS    |  %Y%  |
|LIGO     |    |
|Fermilab |  %Y%  |
|VDT      |    |
|GRASE    |     |
|GPN      |    |  
|fGOC     |      |  
|GUGrid   |  %Y%  |   
|UCHC     |       |   
|USATLAS  |  %Y%   |    
|UCCI     |       |   
|PROD_SLAC|       |   
|CSC      |    |    
|GLOW-TECH|     |  
|GADU     |    |    
|SDSS     |    |        
|Mariachi |    |       
|NWICG    |    |      
|DZero    |  %Y%  |
|Engagement   |      |      
|NERSC|  %Y%  |
|ILC|    | 
|SBGRID|  %Y%  |
%STOPINCLUDE% 

-- Main.TimSilvers - 29 Jun 2007