%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985959" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProductionMeetingMinutes"}%
---+ Operations Meeting October 20, 2008

   * 13:00 Eastern 

   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999 

Attending: Tim, Arvind, Rob, Kyle, Tom, Steve T., Robert R., Mine, Levinth, Mats, Fred, Elizabeth, Karthik

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesOctober13][previous meeting]]

   * OSG 0.6.0 installations (Updates?) 
      * ORNL 
      * ASGC_OSG 
      * NERSC-Davinci 

---++ Hot Topics for the week

   1 New GOC <-> GGUS ticket exchange rollout Thursday, Oct. 23 
      * Updates submitted to FP are automatically sent to GGUS; no longer a manual process. 
      * More data from the GGUS ticket will populate the FP ticket. ( *Already implemented*) 
   1 New VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo package 
      * Including Minerva VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo at fermilab 
      * Please anticipate this later today and update 

---++ OSG RA Items

---++ Pending Registrations

| Name | Support Center | !ResURL | Site_Verify Status | <p>Other Info </p> |

---++ Resources Removed from OSG
 None. 
---++ GOC Tickets

---+++ Relevant URLs
   * [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/tickets][Open GOC Tickets]] | [[http://www.grid.iu.edu/reports/ticketreports.html][OSG Operations Metrics]] 
---+++ Tickets to discuss on call:

| Ticket # | Support Center | Action/Summary | Last Action Date | GOC Assignee | Notes |

---+++ Other issues

---++ WLCG/OSG/EGEE Issues
   * Update to GIP v 1.0.5 is coming up

---++ Open Technical Discussion of the Operations Group Developments & Plans

-- Main.TimSilvers - 20 Oct 2008