%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimSilvers" date="1151088760" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProductionMeetingMinutes"}%
---+ Operations Meeting June 26, 2006
Attendees: 

	* 12:00pm Central
	* Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesJune19][previous meeting]]

---+++ Large OSG resource request for nanoHUB update (Steven Clark)

Steve, would you like to give us an update? How many jobs have been submitted/completed and what sites were they submitted to? Also, how many jobs are you still planning to run at each site? I know you're working with LIGO now on running the jobs; you will need to checkpoint jobs because walltime is limited to 12-24 hours, depending on queue.

---+++ GRASE upgrade to 0.4.1.

Completed. Ticket (1981) closed.

---++ Hot Topics for the week


---++ [[http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm][Tickets]]

	* 2154 VO registration for OPS -- Review. EB is communication with Rob Q. about the choice of the VO name.

	* 2163 Purdue-Lear Resource/Service Registration - Review. It is a complete registration for a new OSG production Resource. This is a 2nd CE for the Purdue CMS TIer-2.


---++ Other issues

---+++ Do we want to have a meeting Monday, July 3rd?

The July 4th holiday is Tuesday and it is anticipated that some attendees will be taking vacation or a long weekend. What is the consensus on whether to meet next week?

---++ Agenda and Input to Joint OSG-EGEE Operations meeting

---+++ Support Center Attendance

| *Support Center* | *Attendee* |

|  Fermilab  |	|
|  USCMS  |	 |
|  LIGO  |	 |
|  GROW  |	|
|  UCCI  |	 |
|  PROD_SLAC  |	 |
|  CSC  |	 |
|  OSG-GOC  |	 |
|  fGOC  |	|
|  VDT  |	 |
|  DOSAR  |	|
|  STAR  |	 |
|  GADU	|	 |
|  SDSS  |	|
|  DZero  |  |
|  TACC  |	 |
|  Mariachi  |  |
|  nanoHUB  |	 |
|  GRASE  |	  |
|  NWICG  |	 |


-- Main.TimSilvers - 23 Jun 2006

