%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985959" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
%TOC%

---+Support Centers Meeting Minutes September 06

Attending: Lisa, Doug, Alan, Burt, Rob, Rick, Ann H., Fred

---++Joint OSG-EGEE Operations Workshop

Alan will not go but is interested in remote viewing.<br>
Lisa - willing to chair fabric mgmt.

---++Community Support Centers Group Meeting on Wednesdays

Phone meeting planned tomorrow, Sept. 7, 1:30 CDT (510-665-5437, mtg id 2772).<br>
At the documentation meeting today we thought of asking if the Community Support activity
would be willing/able to write the missing [[Documentation.GridUsersGuide][How-To OSG User Guide]].<br>
Looking at evaluating the Knowledge Base is on the agenda for tomorrow.<br>
OSG-GENERAL starting to get used well.<br>
CSC should think about a representative at the weekly operations meeting.

---++Registration DB Update

Have not got reponse yet on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo registrations from CDF, D0SAR, GADU, ???.<br>
Is D0 using Fermilab Support Center? (Steve Timm looking into it).<br>
STAR needs to register. (Doug O. promised)<br>
Kyle working on making connection from DB to web pages. VOs will maintin their info.

---++Knowledgebase Update

Ann - sent email to list about discussion with IU folks on prototype test. Will make sample topics.  This will be discussed at the CSC meeting tomorrow, and a call for help to populate the KB prototype test.<br>
What about a dual prototype test - in IU KB and in Remedy?<br>
Fred - we should have some testers not from IU involved in the judgement.<br>
Alan - TTU has it's own system but for grid we have chosen to go open source. It is valuable for the broader community when OSG chooses technology solutions that can be used easily/freely by others.

---++Other Topics



-- Main.RobQ - 06 Sep 2005