%META:TOPICINFO{author="DougOlson" date="1128454812" format="1.0" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
%TOC%

---+  Support Centers Meeting Minutes October 4, 2005

Tuesday 2:30pm Central Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 1223

Attending: Leigh, Lisa, Doug, Burt, Fred, Jason

---++  Joint OSG-EGEE Operations Workshop (27-29 Sept 2005)

Final agenda (http://agenda.cern.ch/fullAgenda.php?ida=a054670) with links to presentations.

---+++ Topics
	* Metrics - how to measure quality, progess, performance (work can be done in this area)
		* metrics for services and not just resource usage
	* Process for new service integration
		* OSG has a process
		* EGEE looking into it
		* opportunity for cooperation
	* Ticket exchange - user support workflow
		* Agreed that OSG is not a ROC (EGEE Regional Ops Center)
		* GGUS ticket system & OSG Footprints should exchange tickets
			* technical interface issues can proceed in parallel with how support models map at a higher level
	* VO Boxes, edge services
		* EGEE working process of getting feedback from sites (by this Friday)
		* Does OSG have or need a process for this? Should OSG assist in VO-resource provider relations?
	* Interoperability of info service/resource monitoring
		* Leigh & Oliver have success in integrating testbeds & cross grid resource access
		* GLUE V2
		* Are the goals clear?  Do VOs know how they intend to spread workload across grids?
	* Cookbook - EGEE grid cookbook fits in with OSG knowledgebase - Lisa


---+++ Planning for a next meeting/workshop

My view (D.O.) - understand workgroups & goals, then plan meetings as face-to-face working
meetings of these workgroups, perhaps with summary reports in plenary session.

Question of "January joint workshop" is open & there are some date conflicts not yet resolved.

---++ Operations Activity Issues

---++ Community Support Activity Issues


-- Main.DougOlson - 03 Oct 2005

