%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimSilvers" date="1168021815" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProductionMeetingMinutes"}%
---+ Operations Meeting January 8, 2007

Attendees:

   * 12:00pm Central
   * Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesDecember18][previous meeting]]

1) Large resource request for nanoHUB update (ongoing) - http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VO/NANOHUB_UtilStatus
   * Last update:  Steve has not taken up GROW and BNL on running his jobs at their sites because of the small number of slots and the amount of time it will take to run there. He'd like to have at least 90 jobs in the set he wants to run. Alain Roy and Jamie Frey were working on getting the voms-proxy issue resolved, but Steve at nanoHUB has not heard from either of them or Dan at Fermilab about this issue. But Fermilab is a VO where nanoHUB could potentially run some of these jobs. Leigh asked Steve Timm to followup on the issue and get back with Steven Clark. nanoHUB is experiencing authorization errors at Vanderbilt again, but another ticket open at the GOC indicates there may be PBS issues at the site.

   * *This week*: 
d35 3
---++ Hot Topics for the week

1) OSG newsletter feedback for Anne
   * How are you using the newsletter?
   * What would you prefer to see included?
   * Recommendations on how best to disseminate info from the activities and tech groups to the rest of the consortium?

2) The MIS monitoring DN's used by !GridScan and !GridCat changed.
   * Several VO's are still failing authentication.
   * For further information and updating instructions, see OSG News item posted 12/26, http://www.grid.iu.edu/news/news.php?id=57

3) SRM Client 1.25 is available for OSG 0.4.x - (OSG-GOC Ticket #2785)
   * For more information see OSG News item http://www.grid.iu.edu/news/news.php?id=58

4) VO package update fixes CDF VOMS, DZero new group addition.
   * For more information see OSG News item http://www.grid.iu.edu/news/news.php?id=59

5) OSG VO spotlight on USATLAS

6) Dealing with non-responseive sites.
   1. When does a site get removed from the OSG for lack of response?
   2. What steps should a support center take to contact a site, what steps should the GOC take?

---++ OSG RA Items

---+++ Followup items

1) Adding field to registration form for agent for the VO. When you register a VO you would specify who would be your registration agent. The two-step VO registration is not yet in place, but once it is this item could move forward. Leigh has already written draft instructions and those should be reviewed and feedback given to Leigh.

2) Shaowen brought up an unknown issue with requesting certificates using IE 6.0.  at the bottom of the page there is a drop-box. In IE instead of the encryption type you get a popup dialog that comes up with an error?

---++ Pending Registrations

---++ [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/tickets][Tickets]]

---+++ 

---++ Other issues

---+++WLCG/OSG/EGEE Issues

---+++ Support Center Attendance
%TABLE{ tableborder="1" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="1" headerbg="#99CCCC" databg="#FFFFCC, #FFFFFF"}%

|*SC*     |*Jan 8*|
|DOSAR    |    |
|nanoHUB  |    |
|STAR     |    |
|OSG-GOC  |    |
|GROW     |    |
|USCMS    |    |
|LIGO     |    |
|Fermilab |    |
|VDT      |    |
|GRASE    |     |
|GPN      |       |  
|fGOC     |      |  
|GUGrid   |    |   
|UCHC     |       |   
|USATLAS  |      |    
|UCCI     |       |   
|PROD_SLAC|       |   
|CSC      |       |    
|GLOW-TECH|       |  
|GADU     |     |    
|SDSS     |       |      
|TACC     |       |  
|Mariachi |       |       
|NWICG    |    |      
|DZero    |    |
|Engage   |       |      

%STOPINCLUDE%


-- Main.TimSilvers - 05 Jan 2007
