%META:TOPICINFO{author="ScottTeige" date="1440438275" format="1.1" reprev="1.9" version="1.9"}%
---+ Operations Meeting August 24, 2015
   * 13:00 Eastern 
   * Phone Number and Jabber VC: 812.856.7060 x231000
   * [[https://bridge.iu.edu/webapp/#/][Video Link]]
   * Attending: Scott, Kyle, Alain, Chris, Jeny, Tom, Fred, Brendon, Suchandra, Tony.
   * [[http://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=c1htpcfoe6btrtc7n3uddg8mvs%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/New_York][GOC weekly calendar]]

---++ Operations Last Week
   * [[http://tinyurl.com/l8rb32z][GOC Services Availability/Reliability]]
   * Current Status: [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus/index?datasource=status&count_sg_1=on&count_active=on&count_enabled=on][<img src="http://steige.grid.iu.edu/steige/status_current.png">]]
   * [[http://reports.grid.iu.edu/reports/current.apel][Accounting]] report
   * [[http://reports.grid.iu.edu/reports/versiondump-latest.txt][Version report]], [[http://reports.grid.iu.edu/reports/version_summary.txt][(condensed version)]]
   * [[http://reports.grid.iu.edu/reports/capacitydump-latest.txt][Capacity report]]
   * <img src="http://gratiaweb1.grid.iu.edu/gratiastatic/today/osg_wall_hours.png"/>
   * <img src="http://osg-flock.grid.iu.edu/monitoring/condor/condor_7day.png" width='630' height='390'  /><br>

---++++ Grid Operations Center
   * Need to define who has responsibility for oasis content (if anyone).
      * People are finding content, asking about updates and support, [[https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/26565][for example]]
   * ILC coming online, no real progress.
      * Have oasis content via "traditional" method. (Shared repository)
      * Working to get ilc.desy.de repository mounted directly.
   * Minor Oasis updates
      * No service rebuild, a more usual update mechanism. 
   * OS updates this cycle.
   * Some problems associated with the VM moves.
      * Intermittent problems with shared file system, some hosts.
   * listserv outage

---++++ !FermiGrid Ops

---++++ WMS Glide In Factory

---++++ OSG-Connect
   * <img src='http://osgconnect.net/accounting-summary/data/osg/daily_hours_by_project.png'>
   * Network maintenance over the weekend, might have had a brief (~5 min) outage

---++ Operations This Week

---++++ Grid Operations Center
   * Shared file system hardware needs firmware update.
      * To address the problem described above.
   * Record running !IUMed school, peaked at +21K running jobs
      * systems didn't flinch.

---++++ !FermiGrid Ops

---++++ WMS Glide In Factory
   * Memory leak remains, much reduced rate.

---++++ OSG-Connect
   * Nothing planned

---++ Upcoming
   * New !NOvA production run, "bigger" than the last.
      * Preparations underway, !StashCache is being discussed
      * Have offered assistance as needed.
   * nova-history.png: <br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/nova-history.png" alt="nova-history.png" width='787' height='488' />    

---++ New Registrations

---+++ Virtual Organizations
| Name | VO URL | Other Info | Ticket |

---+++ Support Centers
| Name | Other Info | Ticket |

---+++ Resources
| Name | Support Center | Resource URL | Other Info | Ticket |


---+++ Removed from OSG
| Name | Other Info | Ticket |

---++ OSG PKI

---+++ OSG RA Items & CA Questions
  * Need Tony's approval for ticket https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/26520

---+++ OSG RA Over 5 Day Report
| Request ID | Age days | Email | Updated By | Org | Sponsor | Subject |
   *None

---++ GOC Tickets

%TABLE{ sort="on" }%
| *Ticket #* | Support Center | Action/Summary | GOC Assignee | Notes | VO Present? %X% %Y%|


   * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/list/open][View Open GOC Tickets]] | [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/TicketReports][OSG Operations Metrics]] |[[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus?count_sg_1&count_active=on&count_enabled=on&datasource=status][Operational Service Overview]]


---++ WLCG & EGI Operations

---++ Security
   * Vulnerabilities: 
      * OpenSSH
      * DCache
      * VOMS
      * GUMS
   * OSG CA - IGTF accreditation: feedback received. Working on comments.
   * New VO security training: DUNE
   * Still testing new SHA-2 intermediate CA certificate. 

---++ AOB

---++ Action Items from Meeting
   * Brendon continues work with factory experts, fix is in hand for the memory leak, should be installed next maintenance window (25/Aug)

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="nova-history.png" attachment="nova-history.png" attr="h" comment="" date="1440422121" path="nova-history.png" size="84092" stream="nova-history.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp64954" user="ScottTeige" version="1"}%
