%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimSilvers" date="1150138067" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ProductionMeetingMinutes"}%
---+ Operations Meeting June 19, 2006
Attendees:

	* 12:00pm Central
	* Phone Number 510-665-5437 Meeting ID 786999

---+ Operations Agenda

---++ Followup items from the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/MinutesJune5][previous meeting]]

---+++ Large OSG resource request for nanoHUB update (Steven Clark)

---+++ GRASE upgrade to 0.4.1.


---++ Hot Topics for the week

---+++ NWICG Support Center Registration (Kevin Colby)

---+++ Application Coordination (Ilya Narsky)

1.) organizing  the review and sign-off of the  OSG Grid Users Guide 
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Documentation/GridUsersGuide

2.) helping people with the VO Twiki pages 
http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VO/WebHome

3.) providing the bi-weekly VO/Users part of the operations report to the OSG-Council 

4.) gathering the set of user requirements for the next steps in the OSG infrastructure  - including OSG 0.6.0

We would like input as to what other things Ilya could do that would help our effectiveness, meet the expectations of the users, and give demonstrated benefit to their science. 

---+++ [[http://igoc.ivdgl.indiana.edu/status/osg-troublesum.htm][Tickets]]

---++ Other issues


---++ Agenda and Input to Joint OSG-EGEE Operations meeting

---+++ Support Center Attendance

| *Support Center* | *Attendee* |

|  Fermilab  |	 |
|  USCMS  |	|
|  LIGO  |	|
|  GROW  |	|
|  UCCI  |	 |
|  PROD_SLAC  |	 |
|  CSC  |	 |
|  OSG-GOC  |	 |
|  fGOC  |	 |
|  VDT  |	 |
|  DOSAR  |	|
|  STAR  |	 |
|  GADU	|	 |
|  SDSS  |	|
|  DZero  |  |
|  TACC  |	 |
|  Mariachi  |  |
|  nanoHUB  |	 |
|  GRASE  |	  |


-- Main.TimSilvers - 12 Jun 2006

