%META:TOPICINFO{author="StevenTimm" date="1155837874" format="1.1" reprev="1.10" version="1.10"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+   OSG Consortium Meeting:  Parallel Session: Site and Fabric Installation and Configuration

---++  Goals
   *  Develop site and fabric requirements to be delivered to the OSG Executive team.  Working list in SiteFabricRequirements
   * Review current best practices for site and fabric deployment, collected in SiteFabricBestPractices
   *  Review current documentation list, identify what may be missing.  (Particular focus on issues which until now have been considered "out of scope" of the OSG CE Installation guide).  See SiteFabricDocumentationTable for documents identified thus far.
   *  Develop a work plan to create and improve the documentation set which is provided by the Integration activity.   Draft plan is in SiteFabricDocumentationWorkPlan.

---++ Ungoals
   * Security (covered in other parallel session)
   * Support centers (covered in detail last meeting)
   * Storage and data management (covered in other parallel sessions)

---++ Location and Attendance
   * Location--Physics and Astronomy Complex, room A214
   * Time--Monday Aug 21 4:30-6:30
---++ Agenda


| *Start* | *Duration*  |  *Description*  |  *Who*  | *Location* |
| *4:30* | 15min | Site Administrator duties within the OSG and Software Release| Leigh | A214 |
| *4:45* | 20min | Best practices for CE installation and interactions with local batch systems | Steve Timm | A214 |
| *5:05* | 15min | Deployment Experiences |  Razvan Popescu | A214 |
| *5:20* | 10min | %GREEN%break |||
| *5:30* | 30min | Documentation Improvements and Troubleshooting procedures | David Meyers and Shaowen Wang | A214 |
| *6:00* | 25min | Batch System configuration and policies | Various | A214 |
| *6:25* |  5min | Wrap-up | Various | A214 |

We are dividing up the session into three main parts, as seen in the above table.  More explanation of the parts of the session are given below.

---+++  Site Overview and Deployment Best Practices Discussion

   *  Current Duties and Best Practices  Steve Timm and Leigh Grundhoefer
   *  The talks listed in the first half of the meeting are meant to spark discussion on these topics and  time will be given for discussion after each.
   *  Among topics covered here will be input to the VDT team for requirements on software updates.  Alain Roy of VDT team will be present.
d46 1
---+++ Documentation and Troubleshooting Discussion
   * This section will not have a formal presentation but will be a facilitatew od discussion.
   * This section will not have a formal presentation but will be a facilitated discussion.
   * David Meyers and Shaowen Wang will lead out
   * Any changes or additions to the Integration set of documentation that we identify 
will be marked directly in the Integration twiki set.
   *  Heterogeneous cluster--how to declare, what does a cpu-hour mean
d101 1
---+++Batch System Configuration Discussion
   * Condor (Steve Timm, others)
   * SGE (Iwona Sakrejda)
   * LSF
   * PBS (Murali Ramsunder)

   * minimal Condor install documentation, for either user Condor-G submit client or managedfork
 
---+++Wrap-up
   * Action items reviewed (5 minutes).
   * OSG/VDT installation help--experts at this session will arrange to meet afterwards one on one with people that need help.
   * Discuss options and implementation for OSG and VDT version updates.  Informal discussion can continue afterward with members of VDT team that will be present.



-- Main.LeighGrund - 03 Aug 2006

-- Main.LeighGrund - 15 Aug 2006

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg-site-overview.ppt" attachment="osg-site-overview.ppt" attr="" comment="Leigh's OSG Software talk" date="1156256171" path="osg-site-overview.ppt" size="305152" stream="osg-site-overview.ppt" user="Main.LeighGrund" version="1"}%
