%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985960" format="1.1" version="1.17"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OpsSCMtgIUMay06"}%
| *Tuesday, May 16* |||||
| *Start* | *Duration*  |  *Description*  |  *Who*  | *Location* |
| *8am*  | 1 hour | Registration | Everyone | ICTC Building |
| *9am* | *90min*  | *Welcome and General Info* | *Fred Luehring* | *IT252* |
|| 60min  | OSG and OSG Project Execution [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/pub/Operations/TueMay16/Indiana.ppt][(Slides)]]| Ruth ||
|| 20min | Workshop goals & agenda  | Leigh Grundhoefer||
|| 15min |  %GREEN%break  ||| 
| *10:30* | *60min* | *Support Centers discuss structure and future plans/goals.* | *Leigh Grundhoefer* | *IT252* | 
|| 10min | GOC | Rob Quick ||
|| 10min | USATLAS  | Jason Smith? ||
|| 10min | USCMS  | Shaowen  ||
|| 10min | nanoHUB?  | Steve Clark? ||
|| 10min | LIGO  | Murali Ramsunder  ||
|| 10min | VDT  | Alain Roy  ||
| *11:30* | *60min* | *Review and update operational policies for Resource Providers, Virtual Ogranizations and Support Centers.* | *Doug Olson*  | *IT252* |
|| RP - [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=377][Site Policy Template]] and publishing, VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo mapping, security, ... ||||
|| VO - [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=376][VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Policy Template]], Use of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS, Privilege configurations,user support, ... ||||
|| SC - [[OpsModelSupportServices05][Services]], Policies, Communications, security, user support, ... ||||
|| Implementation goals for the Acceptable Use Policy for [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=80&Itemid=93][OSG Users]], [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=79&Itemid=92][Sites (RPs)]], and VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's |  [[OpsWshopPolciNotes16May06][Session Notes]]  |||
|| 2 hours |  %GREEN%Lunch  |||

| *Start* | *Duration*  |  *Description*  |  *Who*  | *Location* |
| *2:30* | *3 hours* | *Two Parallel Afternoon Sessions* |||
|  *Session one:  Communications, Procedures and Policy: User Support*  || *Doug Olson* | *IT252*||
|| 45min | OSG RA & support center agents  | Doug Olson ||
|| 30min | Trouble ticket handling/routing (model)   | Tim Silvers ||
|| 45min | Walk through some real ticket examples, common occurning problems, scheduled and unscheduled service outages   | Steve Clark?, Matt Norman? ||
|| 15min |  %GREEN%break  ||| 
|| 20min | Community Support going forward technical features + discussion [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/pub/Operations/TueMay16/osg060516.ppt][(Slides)]]| Fred Luehring ||
|| 20min | OSG Production Release Documentation review and future needs| Frank W. ||
| *Session Two: Software, Tools and Services: OSG Production Releases* || *Rob Quick* | *IT407* ||
|| 60min | OSG Production releases: OSG Production Patches Urgent and Critical | Rob Quick ||
|| 15min | %GREEN%break |||
|| 30min | Validating the software on Resouces | Group||
|| 45min | VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS service setup | Rob Quick ||
|| 45min | GUMS service setup | Eric Shook ||

-- Main.LeighGrund - 11 May 2006



   * [[%ATTACHURL%/SupportCentersMeet-LIGO.pdf][SupportCentersMeet-LIGO.pdf]]: LIGO presentation

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/osg-ra-plans.ppt][osg-ra-plans.ppt]]: OSG RA plans, Olson

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg060516.ppt" attr="" comment="Slides for community support presentation." date="1147724706" path="osg060516.ppt" size="303616" user="FrederickLuehring" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="NewOps.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1147794540" path="NewOps.ppt" size="1282560" user="RobQ" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OpsMeet.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1147794579" path="OpsMeet.ppt" size="6640128" user="RobQ" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Indiana.ppt" attr="" comment="OSG Status and Support Center meeting" date="1147794873" path="Indiana.ppt" size="1048064" user="RuthPordes" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="SupportCentersMeet-LIGO.pdf" attr="" comment="LIGO presentation" date="1147796831" path="SupportCentersMeet-LIGO.pdf" size="428579" user="MuraliRamsunder" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg-ra-plans.ppt" attr="" comment="OSG RA plans, Olson" date="1147804730" path="osg-ra-plans.ppt" size="425472" user="DougOlson" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-SupportCenter-Indy_USCMS-Shaowen.ppt" attr="" comment="Slides for USCMS presentation." date="1147807724" path="OSG-SupportCenter-Indy_USCMS-Shaowen.ppt" size="428032" user="ShaowenWang" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="gums-presentation.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1147815961" path="gums-presentation.ppt" size="192000" user="EricShook" version="1.1"}%
