%META:TOPICINFO{author="DougOlson" date="1126205246" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Sep05AgendaPlanning"}%
%TOC%

---++ Draft Goals for the Sept. 27-29, 2005 Joint OSG-EGEE Operations Workshop

See [[http://egee.in2p3.fr/events/UKI/index.php?id=information][workshop URL]] and [[http://agenda.cern.ch/fullAgenda.php?ida=a054670][real agenda]].


---+++ Topics


Operations

	* metrics
		* what to measure, frequency of publication
		* 
	* monitoring
		* workshop goal
		* will have GIP, how to trade GIP info
		* how much time did LCG (RB) get on OSG site (accounting)
			* accounting by grid?, account USCMS time differently than EU CMS time?
			* how to measure inter-grid activity
	* release structure/organisation
		* workshop goal
		* keep itb/certification testbed so that interoperability tests can be run
	* SC --> CIC-based operations
		* workshop goal
	* pre-production service 
		* workshop goal

	* how to interoperate operations (co-management, ...)

User support

	* ??
	* Procedures (SOP)
		* compare OSG SOP with EGEE FAQ, how much detail is useful?
	* Community Support
		* describe OSG Community Support, is there analogue in EGEE?
	* knowledgebase
		* describe OSG activity, EGEE activity, what level of cooperation is useful?
	* application / VO based support
		* really understand the support process & who is responsible for what
		* support for application managers

Fabric management

	* Local fabric monitoring obligatory for sites
		* workshop goal
	* Security monitoring -> are sites using correct tools (IDS, tripwire, etc), best practices, etc.
		* recommendations
	* Fabric resilience (backups of embedded dbs, etc.)
		* workshop goal
	* Cookbook chapter?
		* workshop goal

%BLUE% Interoperation breakout before plenary (1/2 day?) %ENDCOLOR%
	* %BLUE% ticket assignment/routing logic (maybe in User Support parallel session)
		* needs better understanding of how routing/assignment choices are made in EGEE & US. %ENDCOLOR%
		* tickets based on software 
	* %BLUE% (if all topics fit into other parallel sessions then no interop parallel session is needed.) %ENDCOLOR%

Interoperation (should be a 1/2 day plenary)

	* Security coordination
		* input from security workshop
	* US privilege project (Prima etc): but need to be careful not to digress into middleware discussions
		* (EGEE security middleware meeting mid-Sept. may generate some topics, Dane, Bob & Gabriele C going)
		* What about [[http://www.globus.org/toolkit/docs/4.0/security/authzframe/][GT4/WS Auth]]? Is it approaching Ops?
	* Release synchronisation (%BLUE% and/or release testing/validation %ENDCOLOR%)
		* workplan for validation test suite?
		* plan on maintaining interoperability with active tests, integration test beds co-mingled
	* Accounting (%BLUE% Matteo going %ENDCOLOR%)
		* define interchangable resource usage quantities?
	* Problem tracking
		* clarify routing & roles
	* Joint/shared operations
		* goal?
		* "shared" functional tests
		* discuss duty rotation & consider should there be an OSG role in the future
	* %BLUE% Dynamic application s/w installation & publication %ENDCOLOR%
		* describe current status
		* GIP can handle purpose of grid3_locations.txt file & LCG has equivalent
		* need training on how to use it
		* outline plan to achieve interoperability
		* what about gLite?
		* application environment, classic Se, ...


	* %BLUE% phone meeting cross representation %ENDCOLOR% 

-- Main.DougOlson - 07 Sep 2005

