%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1158515634" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 14th Sept 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending

Rob, Doug, Frank, Don, Leigh, Miron

Incomplete notes by Doug (it's a twiki, please correct as you see fit :)

---++ Agenda 
---+++ Administrata
   * Any info on funding
report on Ruth's visit to DOE.
   * First site in the UK showing red in GridCAT - STAR site. - Getting issues worked out, need to patch the patch & solve some gridftp issue. Probably will re-install OSG software.
   * SOWs - Bakul will have set of draft SOWs and new WBS posted before she leaves for a conference. URL will be available on Friday.

---+++ Status of takeup of ATLAS offer of resources
CMS has validated 2 ATLAS resources; 
<a href="http://grid02.uits.indiana.edu:8080/display?page=hist_jobs&unselect_module=hist_jobs2&unselect_graph=Idle&interval.min=604800000&interval.max=0&Nodes=GADU">GADU usage </a> is small.
<a href="http://grid02.uits.indiana.edu:8080/display?page=hist_jobs&unselect_module=hist_jobs2&unselect_graph=Idle&interval.min=604800000&interval.max=0&Nodes=LIGO"> LIGO</a> running on 4 US ATLAS sites and sorting out issues with OU configuration of NFS-Lite. People working on this problem:
<verbatim>
Terrence/Frank - authors of NFS-Lite
Horst - Site admin for OU
David Meyers - OSG operations person, also running LIGO application
Kent - ET liaison to LIGO VO
Ilya - bugging people.
Lets discuss what we know of the answers.
</verbatim>
Is the time period of the offer over?  - Yes, it is over.

Related - Frank notices UChicago in NamCAF. Rob - it is opportunistic.

---+++ NFS-Lite issues
ML - how did we get here, people got confused when landing on NFS-Lite sites, what should we do for our process?

May not have had an ITB site for testing by applications.  Issue showed up with GADU immediately after release (0.4.1?) in April.

ML - looks like we did not make clear what differences were coming because of installing NFS-Lite. Caused change of storage use cases.

FW - Also we do not have a good understanding of the detailed applications use cases.

FW - think we need site functional tests

ML - think we need proactive notices to VOs/users for significant changes

LG - we should follow up with VDS & LIGO-GADU diffs, and we should make announcement of changes happening, besides doing ITB testing.

LG, FW, DM - write up symmary & lessons & recommendation to OSG for better process, for next week's meeting.

ML - LG should send a notice even now about the issue of, we should have notices people can subscribe to about site changes

RG - In that version of ITB we did not have the coverage of site services & application testing to catch this one


---+++ Applications: 
Campus Grids. Miron and Ruth will be talking to Charlie and Dane about Campus Grids. What is the status of the OSG Campus Grid work?
<a href=http://grid02.uits.indiana.edu:8080/display?page=hist_jobs&unselect_module=hist_jobs2&unselect_graph=Idle&interval.min=2592000000&interval.max=0&Nodes=GLOW> Glow Usage last month</a> 
Crimson Grid? 

---+++ Extensions
ALICE-USA PIF proposal - Q to Apps: Is there interest in SRM over xrootd? (Frank, Doug, Don had phone discussion following ETP meeting).


---+++ Security
Auditing - EGEE, SOS, OSG? Need Don to attend.

Risk Analysis as 10 or 11 controls in it.  We want to fill out one control each 2 weeks.
Tomorrow security team will look at prose for vulnerabilities.

ML - suggest work with Alain on feedback note to Globus about what we learned.
Alain has worked out the the Globus maintainers about involvement with security
discussions.
Don & Alain should work out how to cover periods when Alain is not available.

ML - we should have procedure to deal with info obtained during early security discussions
with special software providers.
 
---+++ OSG 0.6.0 Issues
Prioritized list with Alain for starting on Priority 1. Gratia? 

---+++ Invitation for OSG to request NERSC resources
Part of !SciDAC program. Invitation goes to all !SciDAC application PIs.

FW - CDF expressed interest [DO - Marjorie already has an allocation for CDF, that can be renewed with larger request].

Doug will discuss with NERSC people idea of OSG proposing to give access to various groups.



   * AOB

-- Main.RuthPordes - 14 Sep 2006