%META:TOPICINFO{author="DougOlson" date="1163716478" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
 OSG Executive Team Meeting November  16th 2006
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Kent, Doug, Paul, Frank, Leigh, Alain


---+++  Pending Action Items
|Item|Date due | Status|
|Complete Project Plan to Agencies |Dec 1 |   | 
| Ruth with call meeting of VO liaisons operating across OSG and EGEE to tell OSG what they need in terms of gLITE client tools in VDT.| | | 
| Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG | Dec 6th | Miron, Leigh |

---++ Usage and Users Support - not this week.

---++ Resources Management
   * 2 signed by PI, 1 signed by ED, 5 signed by RM, 8 in preparation, 6  with PIs. (total 17) [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/][SOWs]] 
   * Plans for Finance Board meeting , 13th December 1 pm Caltech.

From Kent:
<verbatim>
Planned Deliverables for Finance Board Meeting:

o Review/Discuss Charge (as defined in the management plan)
    - In particular Jim Yeck's role
    - Including change control responsibilities/authorities
    - How do we interact with and what are our expectations
      with External Projects
    - Who does the Finance Board report to

o Establish concrete reporting structure (email list, website,
  report templates/invoicing, chain of command)
    - Reports should be substantive (PA)
    - Web based would be good, needs password protection and
      probably the least painful (PA)

o Concrete schedules for reporting (due dates)
    - How will reporting schedule overlap with other schedules
    - Review November 30 effort reports

o Determine frequency and logistics of meetings (relationship to
  Executive Board Meetings and Annual Reports to funding agencies)

o Review of SOW, Project Plan and WBS
    - Presentation of SOW by chair
    - Presentation of Project Plan/WBS Executive Director
    - Have a standing item to review reports
    - See guidance from Council via chair

o Roll all this up into a Finance Plan
    - Talk to Bill Kramer to learn what he is looking
          for in a Finance Plan
    - Do we integrate into OSG Management Plan or provide a
      separate document
</verbatim>
   

---++ Facility 
   * Operations Coordinator biweekly Report -- Leigh

---+++ Users in Multiple VOs issues
   * Recommendations for use and configuration of GUMS

---+++ Security

---+++ Software
   * Status of SRM/dCache in VDT test release.
   * Alains question:

I'm not sure what this text means at a technical level: "Add first pass packaging and distribution to support VO software installation: The OSG software model is of VO scoped and managed environments on shared and opportunistically available resources. Each VO installs their application middleware in a VO specific storage area $OSG_APP. To date the OSG software stack is statically installed into a common area accessible to all VOs. In the next year we will provide collections of VDT and OSG software that will provide common modules for VOs to include in their own installations. This will set the stage for the longer term goal of dynamic "on-the-fly" installation of both OSG and VO software."

---+++ Integration 

[[Integration.MinutesNov16][Minutes]] of today's meeting.<br>
Agenda was:
   * Gratia testbed in the ITB
      * Background information for Gratia
      * References
   * Clarification on glue schema usage for application release publication, consis w/ WLCG
   * ITB 0.5.1
   * VTB
   * RT queues for osg-itb, osg-vtb
   * AOB 

---++Executive Director 
   * Plans for Executive Board and Blueprint meetings, December 14-15th caltech. Proposed agenda

see http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Deployment/20061214AgendaMinutes
<verbatim>
14th December:
4.30 pm Blueprint  topics:
         Storage on the OSG -- 
how are administrators to manage it?
how are users to use it?
how will the architecture perform and scale?
         WMS on the OSG -- 
roadmap for just in time WMS. 
what tests when? 
what is the roadmap for WS GRAM and non-WS GRAM in conjunction with this?

6.30pm supper
</verbatim>
15th:
Blueprint topics:
	Effectiveness of the OSG infrastructure -- what do we need to improve the efficiency from the lousy 50% or less it is now.
        Access Control  7 Authz -- is everything hunky dorey here?
       Continue from Thursdays topics

   * Status of the project plan
   * OSG VO
   * Partnership Issues 
   * Issues from WLCG.
   * TeraGrid, I2 Campus Grid discussions
       * Other?

---++AOB
   * Alain -- Better means to distribute CA certificates.
   * Leigh --- Actions being taken on requirement that GIP information about WN network connectivity.
   * OISE Copenhagen meeting - any issues? 


-- Main.RuthPordes - 16 Nov 2006



-- Main.RuthPordes - 16 Nov 2006
