%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1168467857" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting January 5th 2007
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Kent, Paul, Ruth, Miron, Frank


---++  Pending Action Items - tba


---++ Usage and Users Support - 
   Reports and Issues: [[main.TorreWenaus][Torre]], [[Main.FkW][Frank]], [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abishek]], [[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]].

<table width="100%" border="1">
<thead /><tr /><th />VO<th />Contact<th />Recent News / Status
<col width="1*" /><col width="2*" /><col width="10*" />
<tbody />
<tr /><td />ATLAS<td />[[main.TorreWenaus][Torre]]<td />
<tr /><td />CHARMM<td />[[main.TorreWenaus][Torre]]<td />
<tr /><td />CMS<td />[[Main.FkW][Frank]]<td />
<tr /><td />DES/SDSS<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />
<tr /><td />compbiogrid<td />[[Main.FkW][Frank]]<td />
<tr /><td />CDF<td />[[Main.FkW][Frank]]<td />
<tr /><td />D0<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />
<tr /><td />GADU<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />
<tr /><td />GLOW<td />Miron<td />
<tr /><td />GROW<td />?<td />
<tr /><td />LIGO<td />[[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abishek]], [[Main.FkW][Frank]] &amp; [[Main.KentBlackburn][Kent]]<td />
<tr /><td />MiniBooNE<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />
<tr /><td />Nanohub<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]]<td />[[VO.NANOHUB_UtilStatus][Status page]] <EM>More detailed report pending</EM>
<tr /><td />STAR<td />[[main.ChrisGreen][Chris]] &amp; [[DougOlson][Doug]]<td />
<!-- <tr /><td /><td /><td /> -->
</table>

---++ Resources Management
    * [[%ATTACHURL%/TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls][TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls]]: tasks that ended by 1/5/07 -- gathering the information of % complete and how do we document completion.

---++ Facility   - not this week

---++ EOT
Update on Grid schools

---++ Extensions
Any update on/issues for meeting March milestone.

---++ From the ED

 Update on Operations and IU
 
 JOT is the 20th February at the URA. Who will attend?

 US LHC S&C Review coming up <br>

 Reports from the Discovery Services workshop:<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/ServiceInfoDiscovery-Summary.txt][Summary]] of the meeting. Laurence Field, Shaowen Wang<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/Trip%20Report%20Workshop%20in%20Service%20Discovery%2C%20by%20USF.pdf][Summary from]]  Anda Iamnitchi<br>
 OSG any Next steps? 

 Plans for Consortium Meeting - discussion of agenda


-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 Jan 2007
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 10 Jan 2007

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" attachment="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" attr="" comment="Tasks that end by Jan 5th 2007" date="1168384164" path="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" size="19968" stream="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
