%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1170899971" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting January 25th 2007
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: 

---++  Pending Action Items 

   * Release of OSG 0.6.0 - current status and  expected release schedule - Alain, RobQ

---++ Usage and Users Support 
   * Experience trying to get Engage jobs running -- John
   * D0 efficiency status

---++ Resources Management
   * Document defining OSG Policies and Agreements - Kent
 
---++ Facility   
   * ITB testing by VOs - Miron

---++ EOT - from Mike Wilde

---++ Engagement

---++ Extensions

---++ From the ED
   * Changes to EB External Project Liaisons: Michael Ernst - ATLAS WLCG/Tier-1;  Dan Fraser replacing Lisa for DDIGS; Patrick Fuhrman for dCache; 
   * SciDAC-PI meeting report. 
   * MAGIC meeting report.
   * Preparations for JOT
   * Any questions about All hands meeting
   * New version of the ORG chart for posting on the OSG web.
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/Slide1.gif" alt="Slide1.gif" width='360' height='270' />
   * Metrics

-- Main.RuthPordes - 08 Feb 2007
  


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Slide1.gif" attachment="Slide1.gif" attr="" comment="OrgChart" date="1170899903" path="Slide1.gif" size="51034" stream="Slide1.gif" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
