%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1119037204" format="1.0" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
-- Main.RuthPordes - 16 Jun 2005

-- Main.RuthPordes - 27 May 2005

---++Introduction
Minutes of the Deployment meeting, May 27, 2005. 

	* MeetingMinutes

---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #6740

---++Attending

Dane, DougP, BrianM, Ruth, Rob, Leigh, Jorge, Mark, Razvan, Abhishek

---++Agenda

	*Provisioning 
		* OSG 0.2.1 cache was announced as available.
		* Frozen documentation of  Installation Guide captured on restricted area of the Twiki.  Discussion of how to review and clean up the documentation for operations use. 
		* Mail to deployment on identified holes. 
		* Debugging through the operations framework.
		* Installation Document in Integration Twiki can now evolve with ITB. Need to discuss cross links and completeness of ITB documentation or will it become differences between production and integration. 
		* need for Manuals for deployed infrastructure. Dane + Leigh are volunteering to help up to the 20th July. We are looking for editorial maintenance of the usage guides and manuals. Long term question falls into the funding model and results. Looking to improve the flow and hierachy of the pages and documentation as a need.Anne will be helping for the next few months and working with Dane.

Need an additional person for testing of the Distribution Cache and helping maintain it. Need to test all the installation caches - equivalent to the VDT Testers group but for the OSG Cache. 

		* Need to clarify who has agreed to support what. Listserv, Software Cache. Is there a Service Provider registration page? 
Reorganization of registration collection, information and web page revision will happen when Rob Quick is back from vacation on 27th. When we change our operations model are we capturing this or going through some discussion of how the model is changing? Doug and Doug will go and revisit the model documents in the light of current practice and come and report at the deployment meeting next week. Technology Support Center = Service Support Center.
		* Do we need a Resource Centric and a Support Center Centric view of support and registration?Will we take away the resource provider registration. Will have a report next week.

		* Installation instructions - is the Community Support Center sufficient? In Grid3 found that installation and getting to green required hand holding. GOC does not do this in OSG. Send mail to osg-general is one mechanism - will this actually work? Need to talk a bit more about the problems with the Grid3 mail lists? What is the osg-general infrastructure and how will this be set up? Issue tracker would be a good thing. 
		* Whose responsibility is it to communicate and ensure that the AUP and Service Agreements are read and reviewed. This should included in the review and revision when Rob Q is back. Is there a body that checks that these are happening? Is there a group that can look for holes in what we are doing at the moment?

	*Integration - Next round of developments: VDT 1.3.7 will be a fairly significant change and will need a lot of testing. 
	*MIS - 
	*Storage -
	*Applications 
	*Items for the Council meeting on Tuesday.

---+++Reports from Technical Groups and Activities
  
Applications:

---++Issues

	* 

---++ Action Items From Jun 10th

	*---+++ New Action Items

<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.Ruth - 17 June 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

