%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1152558129" format="1.0" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! Minutes of the OSG Executive Board

%TOC%

---++ Coordinates

	* July 10, 2006, 2-6pm Central (Chicago)
	* Call 510-883-7860 then enter the Ad-hoc number 88674 followed by the # sign. 

---++ Attending

	* Ruth, Doug, Rob, Mike, Torre, Mark, Don, Paul, John Mc Gee
	* Please add your name if missed.


---++ SOWs and Budget Revisions
Ruth has talked to many of you about the project plan for Year 1, and SOWs and need to get revised budgets  to NSF early this week, and the remainder of the DOE Labs to DOE by the end of this week.  I attach the current draft of the Cooperative Agreement. 
---+++!! Comments

	* Need revised budget from BNL and LBNL.
	* Discussions with Paul on iVDGL contributions.
	* Cooperative agreement captures execution and reporting plan, as per NSF requirements, see attached.
	* There are two templates for SOW. One is for the proposal, the other is based on the draft MOU as was being prepared by Albert.


---++ Users and VO Usage and Plans - Frank, Torre

Miron is receiving daily usage  information from several sources. Are there more reports we should be asking for in the short term?  Is ML giving us monitoring that is useful? We should ask the Grid Accounting project for a status and to start sending reports as they ramp up deployment. 

VO  Use information and plans are beginning to be posted on the Twiki pages. Ilya Narsky is doing a good job starting to gather this information  for Frank and Torre but I still think the information is not answering all the questions we have. At last Thursdays meeting MIron suggested we call each VO and ask them about OSG 0.6.0 needs and their plans for use of the OSG. I know Ilya has been starting to phone those who do not reply to his emails. We should also make sure we keep history.  

	*  http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/VO/WebHome 

---+++!! Comments
	* For OSG 0.6.0 we expect more statistics from services as well as usage by VOs.
	* Ilya will be gathering requirements by VOs.  Rob will consult to gather these for the purposes of the ITB release description (Integration.ItbRel050).


---++ Engagement
Discussion of the current plans - Alan, Miron
	* John (John McGee is a project manager at RENCI) - setting up a bio-portal application. Hardware is in hand at RENCI. Current focus is on workflow - eventually dynamic and user-generated.  Hope to have some discussion points and progress in advance of the August consortium meeting.
	* Paul - discussions with Mark Green - also interested in bioportal applications, sees significant overlaps and synergies with the work at RENCI. Esp. "CaBiG".
	* Would like to share information / effort on database infrastructure. 

---++ EOT
Report from the Grid Summer School - Mike
	* Workshop went very well. The best of the three so far.
	* 40 students, a diverse group (interests and from locations)
	* Pre-assigned certificates helped with getting things going initially.
	* Used the OSG and Teragrid during the class - presetup.  This added a lot to the experience.
	* Students were of a very high level, compared to previous classes (eg. early PhD students)
	* 17 CS, 9 Physics, 14 other (mech eng, ops research, cs-econ, bio-eng, ...)
	* More time on open discussions.  Eg., impressions of grid technology, and future.
	* Next time - have a prepared roadmap for what can be done *post*-workshop.
	* Ideas gathered for extending the curriculum - info systems, portal development, resource brokering.
	* An electronic survey will be given to the students.
	* Several good candidates expressed interest in continuing work in grid technology.
	* Students were enthusiastic about what could be done, format, and working together, other interactions, etc.
	* Several students from the Americas (Uraguay, Puerto Rico, Columbia)

---+++!! Comments
	* Will write up a report on the school.
	* Many students were able to run applications from their own research areas on OSG.  Eg. Network research, MPI applications, etc.)


---++ Proposal for International Science Grid this Week
Attached is the current draft of the proposal which Katie, Judy, and the EGEE team have worked on.
	* Katie moving to CERN for a couple of years but will remain editor of SGTW till years end.
	* Discussion with EGEE to create a joint, international position, jointly funded by EGEE and OSG.
	* Another position is opening up, for US LHC communicator at CERN, as well.
	* If concerns, communicate with Ruth directly.


---++ Consortium meeting. 
The  agenda is taking shape [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org/events/meetings/consmeeting0806/agenda.html][here]].
	* Please take a look for the basic organizational content.
	* There is a program committee (Ruth, Doug, Ann/ISI, Rob, Gordon Watts)

---++ Operations, Security, Software 
If Leigh and Doug are ready with the action item list and impact from the joint operations workshop they will present this. What is the current status of our Validation tools - VORS, GridEX etc.  If Don is available (I have a thought he is on vacation?) he will tell us how the Risk Assessment is going and the plans for rolling out first "VO Agreements for Security" at the Consortium meeting. Alain has sent a list of the status of VDT 1.3.11 and we talked about this last Thursday. So I don't think a report is needed today. 

---+++!! Comments
	* Doug - sent a list of action items from both the May ops workshop at IU, and the June joint EGEE ops workshop at CERN.  Plus some others Doug and Leigh have fleshed out.
	* Was sent to ET++ mail list, will circulate more broadly.
	* Leigh and Doug have gone over the list and prioritized.
	* See attached document, also: Operations.OpsActionItems
	* Need to identify effort required for items.  Unclear if we have the effort to push through each of these.
	* Example is the OSG user's guide initiated by Frank. Others as well - how to install grid applications.
	* Policy/privilege pages need to be completed.
	* Getting support centers more involved in processing certificate requests.
	* From June meeting - issue of updating 'on-the-fly' software installations.  Depends on =pacman -update= working for specific packages.
	* OSG to GGUS ticket exchange is nearly working (Rob Quick)
	* Work needed on validating sites by accross EGEE and OSG grids.  Should involve Ilya and the ITB.
	* Scheduling downtimes - getting sites to report this to Operations.
	* Timescale for integration of these issues into the project plan - the program of work.  Those that have been previosly discussed should go in, others need to be discussed either before or at the Consortium meeting.
	
---+++ Validation
State of current validation tools. Pass for now, but discuss updates again.
	* Requirement for =pacman -update= from Operations, as targeted for VDT 1.3.12.  
	* Need to understand what is required for incremental upgrades.
	* What small changes can be updated to individual packages, in the short term.
	* Leigh will respond to mail from Alain.


---+++ Security officer report (Don Petravick)
	* See attched powerpoint slides on Agreements.
	* Discussion of Risk definitions, workflows, and controls at sites and with VOs.
	* Comments 
		* Ruth would like to have a first draft of these concepts, with discussion at the Consortium meeting arriving at acceptance (and possible agreements) with these terms.
		* There will be a parallel session at the consortium meeting that will discuss a VO agreement in draft form.
	* Risk analysis project
		* See two attached files (long report, and powerpoint summary)
		* Expect everyone to have read this.
	* Follow-up on all these at the consortium meeting. 

---++ External project status reports
The VO privilege project is sending written status reports to the Executive Team every few weeks (when not on vacation). Are there other such reports we should be getting? Stu Martin is on vacation so wont make todays meeting. Do we know  the current status a validated WS GRAM from the Globus project? Managed space and storage on OSG. When should we have a focussed report on this? Accounting is in test at a few sites. We should schedule a discussion with Philippe on this in the next few weeks.

	* Gabriele will be sending written status reports every few weeks for VO privilege.
	* Accounting reports - can we get regular updates?
	* Expect to have more as the project starts.

---++ Input and feedback from recent meetings where we presented OSG

	* [[http://grid2006.jinr.ru/][Grid2006]], Dubna.  Interest expressed in directions for accounting.  Also interest by the Dubna lab to collaborate with OSG.  Suggested invitation to Consortium meeting.
	* Operations workshop - tenatively scheduled another joint operations workshop at Indiana March 2007.
	* Bill Kramer - brief talk on OSG at HPC meeting.

---++ Council, Resources Board, Science Advisory Group
Bill is working with Jerome and Howard on clarifying the makeup of the Council. I would like to discuss having the new boards initially populated for the Consortium meeting also. 

	* Council: Bill - Jerome was working on this, but we need to iterate on something that can be agreed to at the consortium meeting.
	* RB: Ruth - would be useful to have people on the resources board populated - Jim Yeck, Howard Gordon proposed here.
	* SAG: Ruth approached Mary Anne Scott - would like to ask Fran Berman. Bill: agreed to MAS. He will send out a call for nominations for suggested names.  How long to serve? Two years, stagger and relieve people. Start small now.
	* Agencies have said we will have a joint advisory group.  Hope they will have this in place before the consortium meeting.

---++ AOB
	* None

---++ Attached files

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGPTCDraft0.4.doc" attr="" comment="Cooperative agreement draft" date="1152557366" path="OSGPTCDraft0.4.doc" size="93184" user="RobGardner" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="ProposalforInternationalScienceGridNewsletter_v4_kly.doc" attr="" comment="Proposal for international science grid newsletter" date="1152557412" path="Proposal for International Science Grid Newsletter_v4_kly.doc" size="27136" user="RobGardner" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OpsAction.pdf" attr="" comment="Operations action Items from Doug and Leigh" date="1152560231" path="OpsAction.pdf" size="64784" user="RobGardner" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf" attr="" comment="Security report from Don" date="1152561116" path="RA-STATUS-JULY-06.pdf" size="99051" user="RobGardner" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-RA-004A.doc" attr="" comment="Computer Security Risk Assessment for Core OSG" date="1152561251" path="OSG-RA-004A.doc" size="142336" user="RobGardner" version="1.1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Agreements.pdf" attr="" comment="Plans on Security Agreements (Don Petravick)" date="1152562167" path="Agreements.pdf" size="90966" user="RobGardner" version="1.1"}%
