%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1491422535" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Management.AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 5 April 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[Management.NewsletterList][upcoming newsletter articles]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Security, by Susan Sons
---+++ Vulnerabilities/Incidents since 15 Feb 2017:

   1. Reports of “drive-by” attacks on various open source products, including Hadoop.  Attackers were looking for unsecured HDFS (Hadoop Distributed File System) instances where they could perform unauthorized malicious activities, such as modify or delete all accessible data at the site. HDFS instances Hadoop installation. The announcement was forwarded to REN-ISAC members and EGI SVG prepared a security advisory based on OSG information.
      * https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/32639
      * https://wiki.egi.eu/wiki/SVG:Advisory-SVG-2017-12931
   2. Vulnerabilities report recently received from EGI SVG, see ticket for info.
      * https://ticket.opensciencegrid.org/33099

---+++ Current working priorities:

   * Operations (always)
   * Collaborating with Rob Quick's team to get OSG software analyzed in the SWAMP.
   * Working with Brian B on host certificate automation.
   * Year 6 planning
   * Increased automation of Sec Team processes
   * Building a relationship with EGI for security collaboration

---+++ Upcoming:

   * Susan has a hectic travel schedule throughout April/May, expect Jeny and Zalak to be covering various meetings.

---+++ y5 Security Goals:

---++++ -->Complete: 

   * Transition to CILogon OSG CA
   * Fixing weakness in traceability mechanism for cert-free jobs
   * Risk Assessment
 
---++++ -->In Progress:

   * Working to establish a software assurance process for both software developed at OSG, and upstream software we package.
   * Researching more user-friendly access control methods, and working with Marina Krenz from ops on a SSO option for future consideration for OSG web properties.
   * Operational security (always)
   * Review of OSG Security Program (wrapping up)


---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Bala Desinghu, Brian Bockelman, Brian Lin, Ken Herner, Kyle Gross, Scott Teige, Susan Sons, Tim Cartwright

---+++ Security
   * In operational security, there were some reports of random access attempts on HDFS, among other open source products, but nothing of great concern to us so far. There is ongoing development on another issue that will result in an advisory fairly soon.
   * There has been some progress in running OSG-used software through the SWAMP source code analyzers, including sending results out to developers and looking into filters for issues that are not security related.
   * Susan explained the background behind the host-certificate automation project, in that site administrators need a clean, common way to automate the generation of host certificates in cases of relatively short-lived compute resources (like VMs) or resources that are managed automatically (by, e.g., Puppet or Ansible). However, not much progress has been made on the project recently.
   * The security team continues to automate its own processes. There were some related questions about how CA certificate bundles are being produced and the timing of the next release.
   * Other projects are ongoing, including building a better relationship with EGI security folks, working on more user friendly access methods, and wrapping up the review of the OSG Security Program.

---+++ Concern
Not a big concern, but Susan will be traveling extensively during April and May, so Jeny and Zalak will cover for her as needed.

---+++ Action items
None.
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="KyleGross" date="1491422535" from="Management.20170405AgendaMinutes" to="Trash.Management20170405AgendaMinutes"}%
