%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dBritta_20Daudert_20869038" date="1292258661" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklyProductionMeetings"}%


-- Main.DanFraser - 30 Nov 2010
---++ The full report with links is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/WeeklyProductionMeetings

---++ Action/Significant Items:
   * 

---++ Attendees:
   * (to be updated after the meeting) Mats, Xin, Armen, Britta, Robert E., Brian, Suchandra, Burt, Marco, Marcia, Rob Q., Scott T., Mine, Chander, Dan
 
---++ CMS (Burt)


---++ Atlas (Armen & Xin)


---++ LIGO (Britta, Robert E.)

---+++ Gratia Reports
   * This week's total usage: 3 users utilized 26 sites
      * 43290 jobs total (24346 / 18944 = 56.2% success)
      * 499682.7 wall clock hours total (444859.5 / 54823.2 = 89.0% success)
   * Last week's total usage: 5 users utilized 28 sites
      * 45621 jobs total (24429 / 21192 = 53.5% success)
      * 492621.4 wall clock hours total (410857.2 / 81764.2 = 83.4% success)

---+++ LIGO / E@OSG
   * Recent Average Credit (RAC): 1,357,259.33538,  Last week: 1,073,388.32298
   * E@H rank based on RAC: 2
   * E@H rank based on accumulated credits: 3

---+++ LIGO / INSPIRAL

   * PEGASUS 3.0 RELEASE TESTING
      * Tested Ihope work-flow with SRM setup successfully
      * Tested Glidein work-flow
      * Testing file transfer dag 

   * FILE TRANSFERS
      * troubleshooting submit host crash,  large memory usage of srm-client due to too many simultaneous srm-copy calls
      * working with Tanya to optimize srm-copy transfers 


   * TESTS WITH SRM SETUP
      * CIT_CMS_T2, Notredame, Harvard-East: currently running on 3 day data set

   * GLIDEINS
      * testing  at FF: 10 work-flows, Pegasus 3.0

---++ Grid Operations Center (Rob Q.)


---++ Engage (Mats, John)


---++ Integration (Suchandra)


---++ Site Coordination (Marco)


---++ Metrics (Brian)


---++ Virtual Organizations Group (Marcia)

---+++ CDF

   * CDF representatives had a good meeting with Chander, Gabriele and Marko last week. There are a couple near-term action items. The VO Group/User Support would like to touch base every 2-3 months.
   * KISTI may have found its pbs errors; waiting on VOMS update. 

---+++ GLUE-X

   * believes he has fixed SE problem for D0.
   * Production running well.
   * Initial job submission through glideinWMS successful, but has a proxy issue; Richard is in touch with Jeff Dost, who recommended Richard get GUMS template updated. Next: run builds on diverse sites.
   * Errors in reporting should be addressed via GOC tickets so that sites have accurate information in BDII.

---+++ Misc
   * ALICE has two sites operating on the OSG and reporting to the WLCG. Will work future issues in this forum. 
---++ Security (Mine)