%META:TOPICINFO{author="DanFraser" date="1244826904" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="USLHCTier-3Group"}%




-- Main.DanFraser - 12 Jun 2009
---++ Action Items:
   * Next meeting Wed June 24 at 10:00 FNAL 9th floor NE conference center.
      * Doug B will dial in remotely for the next couple of weeks.
   * Plan to have someone from the FNAL VM team talk to the T3 group (Dan)
   * Rob is running STEP '09 tests on CMS T3s -- will continue working to characterize results
   * Doug to start talking with Atlas external teams that are working on VMs
      * CERN-VM, UTexas, BNL, TRIUMF
   * Ongoing work to see if Atlas T2 stress tests be extracted as a T3 test set (Doug)

---++ Attendees: 
   * Rob S., Tanya, Marco, Dan

---++ Notes:
   * Rob S has been running STEP '09 tests on ...
      * Studying Ganglia reports but not sure he is seeing the load
      * Planning to run larger jobs.
   * Dan talked with Phillipe Canal regarding possibility of ROOT team working with Hadoop.
      * Phillipe mentioned that there is already a Hadoop-ROOT meeting planned for end of Aug.
      * Not sure exactly what will come of this