%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrooklinGore" date="1340055309" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklyProductionMeetings"}%



-- Main.DanFraser - 12 Jun 2012
---++ Action/Significant Items:
   * 

---++ Attendees:
   * (to be updated after the meeting) Xin, Armen, Brian, Suchandra, Tony, Marco, Rob Q., Scott T., Mine, Chander, Dan
 
---++ CMS (Tony)


---++ Atlas (Armen & Xin)


---++ Grid Operations Center (Rob Q.)


---++ Campus Infrastructures / HTPC (Dan, Brooklin)
   * Bosco v1 work is continuing per plan.
   * Partitionable slots (for htPc) are running in two clusters at UNL and generally working well. There have been two Condor support tickets entered (2993, 3013) for relatively minor issues. Should be able to start writing documentation next week for other campuses to deploy.

---++ Integration (Suchandra)


---++ Site Coordination (Marco)


---++ User Support (Chander, Mats)


---++ Security (Mine)

---++ The full report with links is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/WeeklyProductionMeetings