%META:TOPICINFO{author="ScottTeige" date="1466526155" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
 * 4:00 PM Eastern (3:00 PM Central)
   * Phone: +1-812-856-7060, 231000# 
   * [[https://bridge.iu.edu/webapp/#/][Video Link]]

---++ Announcements:   

---++ Action/Significant Items: 

---++ Attendees:

---++ Apologies:
   * Bo (travel), Rob Q.


---++ Atlas (Armen & Xin)

---++ FIFE - !Fabric for Frontier Experiments (Tanya)

---++ CMS (Tony)

---++ Grid Operations Center (Scott)
   * [[http://tinyurl.com/pre26vw][GOC Services Availability/Reliability]]
   * Current Status: [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus/index?datasource=status&count_sg_1=on&count_active=on&count_enabled=on][<img src="http://steige.grid.iu.edu/steige/status_current.png">]]
      * a prototype [[http://steige.grid.iu.edu/steige/status_overview.html][overview board]] exists.
   * <a href="http://reports.grid.iu.edu/reports/">Reports current: <img src="http://steige.grid.iu.edu/steige/status_reports.png"></a>
   * [[http://maddash.aglt2.org/maddash-webui/index.cgi?dashboard=OSG%20Grid%20Operations%20Center%20Test%20Mesh%20Config][PerfSonar]] service
   * <img src="http://gratiaweb1.grid.iu.edu/gratiastatic/today/osg_wall_hours.png"/>
   * <img src="http://osg-flock.grid.iu.edu/monitoring/condor/condor_7day.png" width='630' height='390'  /><br>
   * GOC
      * ITB release 
      * modifications to web1,2 associated with the DoS of the previous week
      * repo1,2 changes per [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REPO-10][this ticket]]
      * Contact Scott or Kyle (or usual ticket mechanisms) with problems
      * Internal modernization program proceeding well
         * training/planning event today, Scott, Tom, Marina and Sarah present
   * OSG-Connect
      * Network issues causing problems on and off with systems - Lincoln working on it

<!-- ---++ Networking (Shawn) -->

---++ Production Support (Bo)
<img src="http://reports.grid.iu.edu/reports/opp-week.png">


---++ Software (Tim C.)

---++ Release (Tim T.)

---+++ Release Schedule

---++ Security

---++ Status of the XENON VO
   * discussion, deferred until Bo returns.




-- Main.ScottTeige - 21 Jun 2016
