%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1246291555" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklyProductionMeetings"}%
-- Main.DanFraser - 24 Jun 2009
---++ Action/Significant Items
   * Follow up on extension of security RSV probe to compare VO accessibility with GIP data and flag errors.
   * Admin workshop in August (6-7) will be hands-on and enable sites to upgrade/install OSG 1.2 prior to LHC turn-on.
   * IceCube follow-up on opportunistic storage (Abhishek)

---++ Attendees (to be updated after meeting):
   * Xin, Armen, Britta, Mats, Brian, Suchandra, Burt, Marco, Abhishek, Rob Q., Mine, Chander, Miron, Dan
---++ CMS (Burt)

---++ Atlas (Armen & Xin)


---++ LIGO (Britta)


---++ Integration (Suchandra)


---++ Site Coordination (Marco)


---++ Engagement (Mats)


---++ Metrics (Brian)


---++ Virtual Organizations Group (Abhishek)

Issues affecting multiple VOs --

D0 --

Alice --

!CompBioGrid --

!IceCube --

!NanoHub --

GLOW --

!CalTech --

UCSD -- 

---++ Operations (Rob Q.)

   * Jim Basney has expressed concerns about how security incidents are documented in tickets instead of the TWiki. We need to have a chat with the security team about how to best meet their needs. [[https://oim.grid.iu.edu/gocticket/viewer?id=7098][Ticket]]

---++ Security (Mine)
