%META:TOPICINFO{author="MatsRynge" date="1331669094" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklyProductionMeetings"}%
-- Main.DanFraser - 08 Mar 2012
---++ Action/Significant Items:
   * 

---++ Attendees:
   * (to be updated after the meeting) Alain, Mats, Xin, Armen, Britta, Brian, Suchandra, Tony, Marco, Rob Q., Scott T., Mine, Chander, Dan
 
---++ CMS (Burt / Tony)
   * Job statistics for last week
      * 14,994 jobs/day

   * Transfer statisics for last week
      * ~280 TB/day

---++ Atlas (Armen & Xin)

   * General production status
      * US ATLAS production during the week was still not at full capacity, at the level of 8-12K running jobs. But MC12 bulk production is finally starting now, so the situation will improve. 
   * Job statistics for last week.      
      * Gratia report: 1.5M pilot jobs run on USATLAS sites, with CPU/walltime ratio of 84%  
      * Real Jobs processed by US sites for last week, reported from PanDA monitor 
         * 730K
   * Data Transfer statistics for last week
      * Data transfer rate was 200~400TB/day at BNL T1 in last week.  
   * Issues

---++ LIGO (Britta)


---++ Grid Operations Center (Rob Q.)

---+++ Operations Last Week
   * [[http://tinyurl.com/74grr6b][GOC Services Availability/Reliability]]
   * [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus/index?datasource=status&count_sg_1=on&count_active=on&count_enabled=on][Current Status]]
   * Small ITB Release - [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2012/03/goc-service-update-tuesday-march-13-at.html][Notification]]
      * Add JIRA and XSEDE Front-End to Monitoring
   * !FermiGrid Ops
      * No changes or incidents last week on OSG Services
      * WSDL of ServiceNow changed last week.

   * WMS Glide In Factory
      * Upgraded UCSD factory to use condor 7.6.6 as well as updated condor sent with glideins to 7.6.6.
         * Factory condor upgrade created huge load issues so we had to revert back to 7.6.2.  We contacted the Condor Team to help us investigate what happened.
         * We will continue to ship Condor 7.6.6 with glideins as we saw no problems there.  Our load issue is Condor-G related only.
         * Last week we started trying to reproduce load problem with ITB Factory but haven't been able to yet.  We will continue trying this week.
      * Added T3 support to CERN Factory; it now submits to all T3 sites we currently support at UCSD and GOC.
      * Enabled auto detection of gt5 sites in UCSD factory since sites are beginning to upgrade with OSG Release 3 rpms (This is already set at GOC since it is default behavior).


---+++ Operations This Week
   * IU Network Maintenance - [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2012/03/indiana-university-scheduled-network.html][Notification]]
      * March 12 and Wednesday March 14, from 09:00 UTC to 11:00 UTC
   * MonALISA hardware died this afternoon. [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2012/03/monalisa-down-due-to-hardware-issue.html][Notification]]
   * Production Release - [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2012/03/goc-service-update-tuesday-march-13-at.html][Notification]]
   * WMS Glide In Factory
      * We will update condor to 7.6.6 for glideins only at the GOC Factory but will hold off on upgrading the factory condor due to our issues last week.

---+++ Gratia Review
   


---++ Campus Infrastructures / HTPC (Dan, Brooklin)


---++ Engage (Mats)

7 users utilized 39 sites;

 90596 jobs total (59425 / 31171 = 65.6% success);

  365166.7 wall clock hours total (220143.4 / 145023.3 = 60.3% success);

---++ Integration (Suchandra, Alain)
   * Working on testing several components
      * BOSCO
      * lcmaps
   * SL6 CE release after AHM
 
---++ Site Coordination (Marco)


---++ User Support (Chander)
   * OSG-XSEDE Submit host ready for friendly user testing; [[http://osg-xsede.grid.iu.edu/vofrontend/monitor/frontendStatus.html][see front-end status]]
   * 3 XSEDE allocation requests re-directed toward OSG at last XRAC meeting
   * Load volume testing of system has started


---++ Security (Mine)
   * Incidents/Vulnerabilities/Emergencies
      * No major vulnerabilities. A kernel vulnerability exists but only affects v6. So no announcement is needed. 
      * Worked on our threshold for making announcements and releases. For non-VDT software (OS and others) we will only make an announcement, if it is an important security vulnerability. For VDT components, we will continue to make an evaluation case-case. If it is less than moderate, we will keep it for next release cycle. 
   * Updating the CA release process. Last item was to update the software.grid.iu.edu. and put a link to security team's documentation. Completed. Announcement to sites to make the switch will be sent in 24 hours. 


   * AHM preparation. 
      * SSH security attack demo at AHM. we will demo a ssh attack in training session and perform commands/actions a site admin should take after the attack. This will include the best practices to secure ssh access. 
      * We will summarize lessons learned from past incidents. 

   * Incident drill plan first draft is ready. We are emailing selected sites this week. If they come to AHM, we will explain face-face. Otherwise, we will explain the drill over emails and phone. 

   * Working on JIRA ticket 547.  Issues with get-cert script. this ticket represents the Long term fix needed

---++ The full report with links is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/WeeklyProductionMeetings