%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1301429204" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklyProductionMeetings"}%
-- Main.DanFraser - 10 Mar 2011
---++ Action/Significant Items:
   * 

---++ Attendees:
   * (to be updated after the meeting) Mats, Xin, Armen, Britta, Robert E., Brian, Suchandra, Burt, Marco, Rob Q., Scott T., Mine, Chander, Dan
 
---++ CMS (Burt)
   * Machine: nearly 26 pb-1 delivered, 23 pb-1 recorded @ sqrt(s) = 7 TeV.  So far about 250 nb-1 delivered @ sqrt(s) =  2.76 TeV.  At this rate we could hit an inverse femtobarn by year-end!
   * 383 khour/day, 94% "success".  (Had some large MC workflows fail at the Tier 1 fail over the weekend because DataOps had not requested appropriate tape file families to be set up).

---++ Atlas (Armen & Xin)

   * General production status
      * LHC progress - until last Thursday integrated luminosity of 26pb-1 at 7TeV. Fri-Mon test runs at the energy 2.76TeV. Now at technical stop until Thu. 
      * ATLAS production level start to decrease last week. Heavy Ion data reprocessing practically is done, except some tails. Waiting for new MC tasks to be defined, as well as reprocessing of cosmic ray data. 
   * Job statistics for last week. 
      * Gratia report: USATLAS ran 2.9M jobs, with CPU/Walltime ratio of 80%. 
      * Panda world-wide production report (real jobs): 
         * completed 1.3M managed group, MC production, validation and reprocessing jobs 
         * average 180K jobs per day
         * failed 64K jobs 
         * average efficiency:  jobs - 95%, walltime - 97%
   * Data Transfer statistics for last week
      * BNL T1 data transfer rate was around 200~300TB/day in last week. 
   * Issues
      * Recalculation of BNL site availability and reliability, with GOC and WLCG  -- GGUS ticket opened to trace its progress :
         https://gus.fzk.de/ws/ticket_info.php?ticket=68768

---++ LIGO (Britta, Robert E.)


---++ Grid Operations Center (Rob Q.)
---+++ Operations Last Week 
   * [[http://tinyurl.com/27fknc6][GOC Services Availability/Reliability]]
   * [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/miscstatus?count_sg_1&count_active=on&count_enabled=on&datasource=status][Current Status]]
   * Production release [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2011/03/goc-service-update-tuesday-march-22-at.html][Release notes]]
      * is4 was put into DNS RR, but removed after a few hours because of seg faults appearing in the logs. 
      * Research after the removal shows these seg faults have no affect on the data, and can be safely ignored. 
         * Burt doesn't like the idea of this going to production until this issue is fully solved. 
   * Ticket Exchange Call with BNL
      * Should TX support attachments?
      * Extra alerting on failure cases.
   * New VO Package to ITB
   * WMS Glide In Factory
      * New Frontend Status:
         * NWICG (Stephen Harrel - Purdue) - Frontend is set up, test jobs went through at UCSD, will enable them to submit to more sites this week
         * Engage (Steven Cox - RENCI) - Still working out Frontend installation details
         * OSG (Marco Mambelli) - Frontend is set up, test jobs went through
         * nanoHUB (Steven Clark - Purdue) - Frontend is set up, test jobs went through, working on job match expressions to correctly select desired sites

---++ Operations This Week
   * Fifth Tuesday, no release.
   * New VO Package to production (Approved by ITB on Monday)
      * CSIU Addition, CMS Requested Change, and Engage Group Add
      * Release targeted Tuesday


---++ Engage (Mats, John)


---++ Integration (Suchandra)


---++ Site Coordination (Marco)


---++ Virtual Organizations Group (Chander)


---++ Security (Mine)
   * Important update: Effort limited week. I was gone Th-Fri last week. Jim Barlow is gone to a conference 29-30-31 March. he will also be gone between April 4-7. Operational items will move slower. 
   * Vulnerabilities/Patches/Announcements:
      * dcache vulnerability was reported on 3/23 by the developer. We analyzed the impact and classified it as high risk.  We followed the software vulnerability process as outlined at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/SoftwareVulnerabilityHandling. We identified sites who uses dcache and sent an announcement on 3/24/2011. 
      * ssh attacks and european responses. SSH attacks have been causing grief to astro and high energy-physics communities. WLCG security officer organized a team to fight against this attacker through legal means. WE arenot making an recommendation over the legal aspects. However, we collected new technical information that may help our community to protect against. We sent out an announcement to all sites last week. 
      * Found some kernel vulnerabilities. asked VDT advise and decided to skip an announcement. 
      * Comodo security compromise. Does NOT affect OSG. Does not seem to affect InCommon community.  
   * Operational items: 
      * Production testing of new certificate layout. We did not have many people attending our meeting on Monday. We will send emails to production and ITB folks to get their help. 
      * Meetings with RA Agents. We will go over the processes and problems. Alain Deximo finished his documentation on RA duties. We want ask another person to review his documentation and carry out the tasks.  
   * Bugs/Requests/Problems/Non-urgent issues
      * DOEgrids host certificate problem has been resolved. We discovered the problem was due to the certificate profile that had been abruptly changed back in 2009. The users gained certificates during that change period had the issues. It also affected service cert generated by that user. We advised the user to get new personal certificates. Follow up item: we will ask DOEGrids to identify other users who gained problematic personal certificates during that period. DOEGrids should give new certificates to these users.
      * xrootd had asked for an evaluation of their authentication framework. We are trying to understand how urgent is this. From the exchanges so far, we think we have the security policies that will answer their questions.  
   * New user requests: 
      * request for upgrading to latest version of fetch crl.
      * request upgrade to cert-request script.
      * helping VDT transition to SHA-1 CAs. Feedback and evaluation
      * IGTF reports from Taiwan. Important to read and understand changes to policies. 
 
   
 



---++ The full report with links is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/WeeklyProductionMeetings