%META:TOPICINFO{author="DanFraser" date="1274316315" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="USLHCTier-3Group"}%




-- Main.DanFraser - 20 May 2010
---+++ Attendees : 
   * Rob S., Rik, Doug, Tanya, Marco, Dan
---+++ Significant/Action Items:
   * Atlas
      * The Atlas T3 meeting will be held June 8-9 at ANL. 
         * OSG will present an overview of OSG support for Atlas T3s as well as a "down to earth" security session targeted at new Admins.
         * No hands on workshops planned this time around
      * Atlas documentation requirements are such that installation is specified down to account names and specific path names. Atlas is writing very specific instructions that include everything that goes into a T3g. 
      * The OSG T3 wiki documentation was noted as being important for Atlas although their primary use case is to leverage it while setting up internal systems and creating a more Atlas specific version for the T3gs. 
   * CMS
      * CMS is currently targeting a workshop for late July or early Aug. (The timing of T3 funding is still uncertain.)
      * OSG may work on co-locating a sysadmin workshop near this event or may contribute some material to the workshop. CMS is interested in:
         * Hands on CE installation
         * Hands on SE installation
         * Hands on GUMS installation
         * Design seminar for selecting which options to use
      * Tanya has been testing Bestman performance and will be sharing this info at the upcoming Storage Forum Sept 8-9, as well as including important configuration info in the documents.
   * Xrootd documentation
      * OSG has significantly clarified and simplifed the Xrootd install guide
      * Doug noted that there is a symlink difference between VDT and Fabrizio's installations and is planning to send an email to Andy requesting clarification and whether or not this difference is relevant.
      * Atlas requested that OSG update the xrootd docs to include space tokens.
      * Atlas requested info on configuring xrootd when there are two network cards one for a public and private network. Marco has made a request to the Xrootd developers for this info.  

---+++ Meeting minutes are available online at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/USLHCTier-3Group