%META:TOPICINFO{author="MarciaTeckenbrock" date="1288974195" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WeeklyProductionMeetings"}%
-- Main.MarciaTeckenbrock - 05 Nov 2010

---++ The full report with links is available at https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/WeeklyProductionMeetings

---++ Action/Significant Items:
   * 

---++ Attendees:
   * (to be updated after the meeting) Mats, Xin, Armen, Britta, Robert E., Brian, Suchandra, Burt, Marco, Marcia, Rob Q., Scott T., Mine, Chander, Dan
 
---++ CMS (Burt)


---++ Atlas (Armen & Xin)


---++ LIGO (Britta, Robert E.)


---++ Grid Operations Center (Rob Q.)


---++ Engage (Mats, John)


---++ Integration (Suchandra)


---++ Site Coordination (Marco)


---++ Metrics (Brian)


---++ Virtual Organizations Group (Marcia)

---+++ ALICE 

   * There had been some GIP issues (accounting info may be understated) that needed to get resolved. A solution was put forth by NERSC, but Jeff Porter will find out whether this has been implemented.

---+++ CDF

   * CDF has been running production jobs at KISTI, making good progress; KISTI is going to add another hundred nodes dedicated to CDF.
   * However, the Running Experiments group at Fermilab reported glidein problems at the site. Stephan Lammel has asked Rick to run stress tests before KISTI can be reinstated. [General question: Are stress tests for !FermiGrid only or for OSG in general?]
   * Chander will facilitate a meeting including Gabriele, Steve Timm, Igor, and both CDF teams to help solve various issues.
 
---+++ General

   * Security team is seeking input from !VOs for Galois on needs and problems document (See http://grid2.galois.com/needs-and-problems.html




---++ Security (Mine)
