%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1323718455" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 12-Dec-2011

---++ Attending

---++ Documentation - Jim
---+++ Areas Remaining:
   * 8 open tickets [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&requestId=10350][List]]
   * Navigation pages (Will open tickets) Examples:
      * [[Documentation/Release3.NavAdminStorage][Storage]] - Doug - Complete
      * [[Documentation/Release3.NavAdminCompute][Compute Element]] - Suchandra - To be Done
      * [[Documentation/Release3.NavContributeDocumentation][Contribute Documentation]] - Jim - Complete
   * Security - Little to no change but documents need to be moved/copied from !ReleaseDocumentation to Documentation. (Will open a ticket for this.)
   * The [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/RPMDocFestLists#Have_we_copied_everything][overall check of documents]] is looking good
      * Security 
      * Please update lines for documents that have been incorporated in other places.   (Include the appropriate link to the new document.)
---+++ January !DocFest
Preliminary goals: 
   * Complete documentation moves/updates for Release3.
   * Complete Navigation of Documentation and Documentation/Release3 Webs
   * Check for complete coverage and adequacy of Release3 documentation and update as appropriate
   * Start documentation of 2012 software (GUMS, Gratia, Cream)?
---+++ TWiki proposal - Elizabeth
   * Plan to remove archived documents and outdated documents/webs from Google searches to improve quality of results
   * Discussion of removing meeting notes, but they will remain for now since there is some disagreement on having meeting notes in Google results

---++ Status Reports
