%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1307993417" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ June 13, 2011 OSG Software Team Meeting

---++ Attending
   * Alain
   * Alex
   * Doug
   * Jeff
   * Tanya, 
   * Tim

---++ Apologies
   * Mat
   * Scot
   * Neha

---++ Next Meeting
We need to reschedule the next meeting, because Alain and Tim will be busy running the summer school at our next scheduled meeting. Alain will send out email about it. 

---++ State of native package efforts. council, etc…
Current documents:
   * General approach: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/CommunityPackagingProposal
   * Transition plan: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/NPTransition

Alain will talk to Council about plans tomorrow. 

Question from Tanya: Source code repository? Yes, standard VDT repo. So far, one experimental RPM checked in. You can check in more, but the repo is subject to change. https://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/svn/native3/

Question from Tanya: List of packages we'd like to package. Alain is working on list, should be ready within a week, will be in transition document.

Question from Jeff: How does interaction with EPEL work, particular when we patch Globus? Answer: use <code>vdt</code> repotag and yum priorities.

Question from Jeff: Koji for repo? Answer: hybrid approach: Batlab for builds, Koji for metadata/yum repo management. See transition document. 

Question from Jeff: Hadoop repo has strayed from pristine sources due to providing configuration. How will we deal with it? Answer: depends on details, lets talk them through. Hadoop will not be first target since we have a working repo for it, so we have a little time to deal with it.

---++ JIRA
Tim will be investigating JIRA this week. We're likely to use it for managing work for RPM development. 

---++ Mailing list
We will soon make and osg-software mailing list for all of us to work together. 

---++ Status reports
Alain: Native package transition planing.

Alex: Busy with Tanya's testing for Bestman 2 and getting new version out, particularly with respect to packaging. 

Doug: Working on native RPM for Bestman 2. Had cooling disaster that destroyed build and test machines. Lost Bestman and Xrootd RPMs as well as build environment. Stuff was not backed up properly. Stuff was on VMs and "pulling the plug" destroyed stuff. Brian's Bestman2 RPM was basis, but it doesn't allow use of post-install configuration. Alex worried about installation to /usr/bin because VDT in shared filesystem. Alain will follow up with Alex.

Jeff: Hadoop repository. Now have stable release branch. Nearly done with updated documentation. Testing update process (from Hadoop 0.19 to 0.20). Tanya tested Gratia probe RPMs. Estimated time to completion is one to two weeks. 

Tanya: Most of the time Bestman, testing RPMs, testing Bestman 2 itself. It seems like previous problems have been solved. Bestman 2 RPM is nearly done. Xrootd still no release from the developers, so waiting on them. Some Globus Online testing. Recovered from crash. 

Tim: Most of his time on the summer school, and will continue to be so for the next 2-3 weeks. Also working with Mat on RPM infrastructure. 
