%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1321910283" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 21-Nov-2011

---++ Attending
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Strain, Doug
   * Thapa, Suchadra

---++ Apologies
   * Sim, Alex
   * Weichel, Jim

---++ Documentation

We discussed the blocker documentation tickets. A couple of issues came up. 

Marco is willing to take [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-378][SOFTWARE-378]], but was unsure if we should tell people to map the RSV user to a local user or a VO user. We agreed to suggest a local user and resolve the ticket, but there is a larger discussion going on about it. Marco agreed to add Alain to the discussion and we'll update the documentation when a decision is made. 

Marco took [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-297][SOFTWARE-297]] (finish the .ini documetnation) from Suchandra. Suchandra believes it's done and just needs to be reviewed by someone else. 

Alain will probably give Marco more of his documentation tickets because Marco has time to work on them and Alain doesn't.

---++ Xrootd release tomorrow

We are pushing Xrootd and xrootd-lcmaps to limited production tomorrow. We are using the new release process. 

---++ Limited releases (CE/RSV) next week

Alain walked through the open blocker bugs. Right now we have 17 blocker tickets. Eight are documentation, and many of the rest of the tickets are well on their way. There are two tickets that are a bit worrisome:

   * [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-368][SOFTWARE-368]] Globus GRAM bugs. Currently we have both a memory leak and a disk leak. Both can be worked around by periodically killing the GRAM job managers and allowing them to restart. We have a possible fix for the memory leak, but it's untested. 
   * [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-369][SOFTWARE-369]] (Test/harden the yum-remove-osg plugin) Neha is testing this. It's looking good that we'll fix it, but we don't yet know for sure. She'll holler for help if she needs it. 

Alain is worried that our bug fixes won't have sufficient testing time to do a CE/RSV limited release next Tuesday, particularly given the Thanksgiving holiday. He'll discuss it with other people, but he's considering delaying a week. Igor agrees because he'd like to understand if a previously seen problem (GRAM submitting multiple jobs) is really gone or just hiding. Terrence and Nebraska need to test the memory (and hopefully disk) leaks sufficiently.

Suchandra wonders if [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/11261]][GOC Ticket #11261]] is a blocker. We don't yet know. Alain will join in discussion with the relevant people.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Alex*: (via email) We're still on schedule to release during the first week of Dec.
   * *Doug*: Have had feedback from Patrick McGuigan who testing Bestman & Xrootd with ATLAS configuration. !GridFTP and Xrootd issues have been resolved. He has some serious issues for Bestman that need to be addressed. One problem is due to lack of in-depth testing of Bestman (such as use of static tokens). Hope to be ready with fixes by next Tuesday. Have taken all of Jeff's tickets, 4 are closed, 1 is pending to close, and 1 needs more work. 
   * *Igor*: Last week, busy with non-software things. 
   * *Jeff*: Checking in to ensure that his work has been done or turned over to Doug. Wants to write document on how to update from HDFS 0.19 (old repo) to 0.20 (new repo). He'll do a first pass this week.
   * *Marco*: Working on documentation as well as the RSV probe for Xrootd. Willing to take on critical documentation tasks. 
   * *Mat*: Have been working on RSV finishing touches as well as osg-build. Have three blocker tickets, two of which are done except for their final release. Can help with other blocker tickets.
   * *Neha*: Have been working on yum-remove-osg plugin. Might have figured out the problem, but can't reproduce the full problem. Have been getting 32-bit node to test on, should be up and running this afternoon.
   * *Suchandra*: osg-configure changes are wrapping up. Trying to get uc-itb running HammerCloud tests. Talking to CMS and Engage to get testing done. Also resolving testing of new Gratia probe, [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-380][SOFTWARE-380]]. He's going to prioritize finishing VO testing over improvments to osg-configure. (We have high priority but non-blocker tickets to improve osg-configure, particularly with respect to configuration authorization and firewalls.)
   * *Tim*: Working on testing of VOMS, nothing in particular to report. Working on the configuration of VOMS and having difficulty with uninstalling, and may have some ideas on problems we've been having with removal of software in the nightly tests. 