%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1314847647" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ Meeting between Executive Team and OSG Software Coordinator, 1-Sep-2011

---++ Management

We are continuing our [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTeam/Meetings#TeamMeetings][weekly phone meetings]]. They have been productive.

We are tracking work to be done in [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE][JIRA]]. I constantly monitor the work being done via JIRA, and this has been an excellent hands-on tool. 

---++ The transition document
[[RPMTimeline][The current state of the RPM transition]]

I'm working hard to keep the RPM transition information up to date. Since I've last shared it with you, I've done several things:

   * I'm working with other people to own chunks of the time line. In particular:
      * Robert/Jim for documentation
      * Igor for Evaluation
      * Suchandra for ITB and External Beta Testing
      * Tanya for the SE (at least until the end of September)
      * Tim for internal testing framework
   * I've staggered the releases so they are not all simultaneous and more clearly indicated the release dates
   * I've added more details to make it easier to see what's going on. It includes:
      * Owners for each row. (Not all are filled in yet, but will be soon)
      * Summary at the top
      * Color coding for completed tasks to show if they were on time (green) or late (red)

Overall I'm happy with the plan as it stands. I think we need to move the security work (CA packages) to be released sooner. I'm working with Mine to adjust this. 

---++ Globus 5.2
One of my worries is Globus 5.2. The story has been evolving lately. The short story is that the Globus team has promised Globus 5.2 to be in beta by September 2 and released two weeks later. They are working to move it into EPEL. I'm worried about the move into EPEL for a couple of reasons:

   * It's a bit complicated technically due to incompatibilities in shared libraries. It can't just be dropped in.  
   * I don't think Globus understands EPEL well, though they are working to remedy this.

Globus 5.2 will end up in EPEL, but I don't want slowdowns in that effort to affect our timeline. To avoid this, we:

   1. Have copied Globus 5.2 into the VDT repo. We have a few patches, but these are being absorbed by Globus. 
   1. Have copied packages from EPEL that depend on Globus into the VDT repo (there are six)
   1. Will rebuild all packages in the VDT that depend on Globus against the new Globus (about 20, including the ones from #2). This should be a straightforward rebuild, but we're awaiting the pending beta release to complete the work.

This will insulate us against the timeline for getting Globus into EPEL. When Globus 5.2 is in EPEL, we can test it then remove it from our repository. 

---++ Documentation
As of this week, we have started to get a plan for documentation. It's not quite complete yet, but I think we finally have the documentation group (Robert, Jim, et. al.) aligned with the RPM plan. We met on Monday to hash it out, and it's coming together now. 

---++ Effort
We've had a lot of effort in the software team, but we are ramping down in several ways:
   * Derek and Brian (who have a _ton_ of RPM experience) have left the software team
   * Tanya will leave at the end of September
   * Robert will leave at the end of September. We was at 50% and will be replaced by Jim Weichel at 20%.
   * Neha is on maternity leave until November 7th. 
   * In late October and November, Tim may be teaching a class. This could consume roughly 50% of his time. (Exact time is to be determined.)
   * We are still trying to hire the extra position at UW-Madison. We're reviewing resumes now, but it will be a while before we can hire and get someone up to speed.

In theory, we're okay because much of the packaging will be has been done or will be done by the end of September. In practice, I'm deeply worried because when we find serious problems in testing (and I'm sure we will), we will be missing some critical experts. This isn't a question of finding comparable effort--it takes a while to get up to speed on what we've done. Lack of expertise could cause serious delays when problems are found. 

I have a couple of ideas, but I need your expertise to help address these problems. Ideas:
   * In case of need, could we request a percent of Brian's time on an as-needed basis to address problems?
   * Can we make Tanya's transition more gradual, so she can deal with problems throughout October?
   * Is there someone available to temporarily cover the loss of Neha? 
