%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1320693106" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Team Meeting for 07-Nov-2011

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Gore, Brook
   * Kronenfeeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco 
   * Martin, Terrence
   * Sharma, Neha
   * Strain, Doug
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Roy, Alain
   * Thapa, Suchandra,
   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Sim, Alex
   * Weichel, Jim

---++ Documentation
For Nov 1 Release - update
   * VOMS ([[Documentation/Release3.InstallVoms][InstallVoms]] and [[Documentation/Release3.UpgradeVomsService][UpgradeVomsService]]) still needs the review and test to be finished.  (Steve said this week)
   * [[Documentation/Release3.UsingWorkerNodeClient][UsingWorkerNodeClient]] client document is done.

CE
   * [[Documentation/Release3.InstallComputeElement][InstallComputeElement]] needs much work.  Alain owns ticket [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-292][SOFTWARE-292]].
   * Also need [[ReleaseDocumentation/.ValidatingComputeElement][ValidatingComputeElement]] and  [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement][TroubleshootingComputeElement]].  Alain owns tickets [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-296][SOFTWARE-295]] and [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-295][SOFTWARE-295]]
   * Completing [[Documentation/Release3.NavAdminCompute][Compute Navigation]] page would help identify all CE documents we need.  Suchandra owns ticket [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/SOFTWARE-298][SOFTWARE-298]].

Help docs
   * Jim proposes splitting help into Admin Help and User Help to simplify both.

-- Main.JamesWeichel - 07 Nov 2011
