%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1300746321" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ Software Team Meeting, March 21, 2011

---++ Attendees

   * Alain
   * Alex
   * Brook
   * Doug
   * Neha
   * Mat
   * Scot
   * Tanya
   * Tim

Apologies from Jeff

---++ General Announcements

Alain will be at Fermilab this Wednesday. If you'd like to meet with him, let him know.

---++ Individual Updates


RAW RAW RAW RAW RAW

Tanya: Good vacation last week. Catching up. Pre-occupied by bulk-transfer for various VOs. (LSST et. al.) Getting up to speed on Xrootd RPMs. Upgrading test machines to SL5. Alain is curious about bulk transfers and will followup with Tanya on Wednesday.

Doug: BNL re: SRM_CONFIG environment variable for RSV. Public storage: helping people use Gratia to provide information about allocations. Xrootd builds: getting environment set up. Talked with Tim earlier today. 

Neha: Improving testsuite. Not a lot of work, but limited time. Maybe done in a month. VDT dCache, dCache 1.9.5-24

Alex: Bestman packaging from source. Bestman 2 update (2.0.7), requested by ATLAS, not necessary to immediately update for VDT. UFL problem with config file: bug fixed. Will chat with Alain re: source. 

Tim: This week & next are very heavy (50-75%) with OSG Summer School. Helping with Xrootd RPM (Doug & developers). Need to settle requirements for Xrootd RPM. Goal: runs out of the box. Settling basix RPM, separating DSI component. Working with Mat on worker node client. 

Mat: Focusing on worker node. Pretty close to done. Writing up some install instructions. Can tell Dan ready for testing this week.

Scot: New test RSV release on Thursday. Still having RSV timeouts, unclear why. Building Bestman 2, building 2.0.6.