%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1317667900" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Team Meeting

---++ Attending

   * Bockelman, Brian
   * Cartwright, Tim
   * Dost, Jeff
   * Kronenfeld, Scot
   * Mambelli, Marco
   * Roy, Alain
   * Selmeci, Mat
   * Sim, Alex

---++ Apologies

   * Sfiligoi, Igor
   * Strain, Doug
   * Sharma, Neha

---++ State of osg-development vs. osg-testing

| *Package* | *Action* |
| gip-1.3.0alpha3-2.osg | Ownership problems, don't promote | 
| glite-ce-monitor-1.13.1-10.osg | Promote |
| globus-gridftp-server-6.1-4.osg | Promote |
| gridftp-hdfs-0.5.0-2 | Wait for bug fixes |
| igtf-ca-certs-1.41-1 | Promote |
| igtf-ca-certs-compat-1.41-1 | Promote |
| lcmaps-1.4.28-14.osg | Promote |
| lcmaps-plugins-condor-update-0.0.2-1.osg | Experimental, don't promote | 
| lcmaps-plugins-process-tracking-0.0.5-1.osg | Experimental, don't promote | 
| osg-ca-certs-1.23-1 | Promote |
| osg-ca-certs-compat-1.23-1 | Promote |
| osg-cert-scripts-2.7.1-1 | Promote |
| vdt-ca-certs-60-1 | Remove |
| voms-2.0.6-3.osg | Promote, test on GLOW |

---++ Converging to release

At this point, much of our software in the OSG Software Stack is ready for wide-spread testing. As such, I would like to propose that we slow the pace of development. That is, we should not make changes whenever we want, but should slow the rate of change. 

More precisely, under the set of software under "Converging software", I propose that we will only take changes if I approve them. (I will liberally approve changes for needed fixes, but will discourage changes that are not needed.) Under the software labeled "Developing Software", we can change it more freely. Technically, this means that I am the gateway for approving when "converged software" may move from osg-development to osg-testing, but not for the developing software.

I think that in practice this is more of a change in advertising than it is a change in our work, but that's just as important when we talk about what we've done. We need to show people that are nearing release and they can start to trust that we are ready for them to test. (Or, conversely, that there are some thing that they can't yet trust to be stable.)

---+++ Converging Software
   * The contents of the worker node
   * glexec
   * The contents of the client
   * The contents of the CA Certificates<br>Exception: the CILogon RPM, which is little used and needs an update
   * VOMS<br>Exception: We need to upgrade to a new VOMS to get a bug fix in the packaging (pointed out by Steve Timm)
   * CE, the GRAM interface only
   * RSV
   * SE, Bestman, Xrootd

---+++ Developing Software
   * CA Certificates, the CILogon RPM
   * CE, the GIP & osg-configure
   * SE, !GridFTP & HDFS
   * Internal test infrastructure

---++ Readiness to release CA Certificates & VOMS

We plan to release the CA Certificates (except maybe cilogon) and VOMS this week. There were no objections. Alain will move VOMS to testing and upgrade GLOW to make sure it's all good. 

Brian proposes that before we release worker node client (which isn't for a while), we should upgrade cgsigsoap, lcgdm & related.

---++ Status Reports

   * *Alain*: This week we are interviewing candidates to join our team at the UW. With luck, we'll have a new hire
   * *Alex*: JDK 7 compatibility is good. Code required almost no changes. Version released last week works. If built against Java 6, it works with 6 & 7. If you build with 7 it works with 7. Have run Betsman for 10 days against Java 7 with no problems. Brian is happy to test with it. Dependencies are in progress. Brian pointed out that Java 6 is end-of-lifed in July 2012. 
   * *Brian*: OSG Technology reports that the new lcmaps plugins (that remove need for procd) are coming along well. Could be _months_ (early 2012) to be production quality. It will never work with Gratia probe for glexec. Also working on network accounting for Condor vanilla jobs. Have upgraded Nebraska !GridFTP servers to osg-testing. Will upgrade Xrootd soon. Will upgrade worker node client this week. 
   * *Jeff*: Worked on !GridFTP HDFS plugin. Have some details to work on !GridFTP. Need to make upgrade path from old repo to VDT repo. 
   * *Marco*: RSV cacerts-expiry probe is done and ready to go into RSV. Marco will give it to Scot and he'll push it to a release. Working on CRL probe, ready for him to test, will finish in a day or two.
   * *Mat*: Got in updated Globus packages. Worked on CEMon, got it working with the GIP. Waiting for GIP update to be totally complete, but CEMon itself works. Updating osg-configure to configure CEMon. Will work on signing JDK after that.
   * *Scot*: RSV is looking good. Will get in Marco's CA & CRL probes soon. May have a few small updates to make, but looking good. Last week released Apache & Tomcat updates to Pacman/VDT. 
   * *Tim*: Working on moving LIGO packages to Debian 6. Time has been somewhat limited due to class he'll be teaching. Progress has been a bit slow due to changes in Debian 6--not bad changes, just takes a while to sort through. When UberFTP is done, others shoudl be faster. 
