%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1354553325" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Meetings"}%
---+ OSG Software Team Meeting, 3 December 2012

*Attending:* 

---++ Announcements

*Triage Duty:* Neha this week, Mat next week; %RED%17 open tickets%ENDCOLOR%.

*OSG Deployments:* OSG 3.x: 55 (–2) last week; 15 (+2) using 3.1.11; OSG 1.2: 48 (–1) sites, 1 (+1) using 1.2.31.

*Request: Upcoming time off*

---++ Accomplishments

---++ Issues

%RED%Work with Tim to make sure work is reflected in JIRA and that tickets are resolved/closed when done.%ENDCOLOR%

   * !BeStMan/jGlobus: test failures, broader testing, release timing, etc.
   * GUMS: jGlobus dependency
   * !XRootD: 3.2.6 has broken GSI on el5; 3.3.0 update delayed until January
   * !GlideinWMS
   * osg-configure bug fixes
   * voms-api-java: is it needed? why? should we ship it?

---+++ Ongoing

   * Upgrade to fetch-crl3 on el5 (for January release?)
   * Pakiti (in testing)
   * SLURM
   * Automated testing: Still want more tests and improved infrastructure
   * Help debug Texas Tech (Alan Sill et al.), Caltech (Steven Lo), and Oklahoma (Horst)

---+++ Coming Soon(ish)

   * New “Upcoming” repository, initially for HDFS 2.0 (January)
   * HTCondor name change (pending, eventually)
   * CVMFS (for OASIS) (January)
   * HTCondor-CE (February)

---++ Actions

   * Refine December release goals and target date (Tim)
   * !BeStMan: %RED%Resolve test failures%ENDCOLOR% (Neha)
   * !BeStMan: Identify documentation changes in a ticket or declare that there are none (Neha)
   * !BeStMan: Scalability testing (Jeff)
   * !BeStMan: Get commitments for ITB testing (Suchandra, with help from others as needed)

   * SLURM CE: Continue development and testing (Suchandra)
   * GUMS: Work on library improvements (Doug)
   * HDFS: Work on bugs in 2.0.0 (Doug), finish new HDFS tests (Doug)
   * Request !jPackage archive at Wisconsin (Mat)
   * Write new VOMS Admin automated tests (Mat)
   * Design next step for testing infrastructure (Tim, Mat)
   * Help with TTU and Caltech debugging as needed (Suchandra)
   * Write a more explicit proposal for dealing with the LCMAPS packaging changes (Tim)
   * Triage Globus patches for upstream (Tim, Brian)

---++ Notes
