From: Anne Heavey <aheavey@fnal.gov>
Date: April 11, 2007 1:54:00 PM CDT
To: osg-eb@opensciencegrid.org
Cc: aheavey@fnal.gov
Subject: items from communicator

Hello everyone,
Ruth has asked me to give you all a heads up on what I'm doing, and possibly to report occasionally at your meetings so that I interact more directly with you.

OSG Profile

Next week ISGTW will be running a profile of OSG. I'm attaching the latest draft Ruth and I have both worked on it. Your comments are welcome.  Ruth wanted to concentrate on the collaborative and outreach aspects rather than the project itself, so we've tried to craft it this way.  I'd like to get it to Danielle by tomorrow, since it will run next week. I'll try to get better about giving you more time for review!

If you have any thoughts on ISGTW and OSG's exposure there, the tone/quality of articles, etc., please forward them on to me.

CHEP 07

We have a 10 by 10 ft2 area to exhibit, as I understand. I am planning to work with John Urish and Penelope C on layout and equipment.  Ruth would like about three demos running in the booth; she's suggested an updated Oliver G's Higgs demo, a demo from one of the Engagement VOs, and the third still undecided.  I plan to work with Oliver, John McGee and Chris Green on preparing these.  We will also provide one or more posters; Marcia and I will work on those.  Your ideas and suggestions are welcome!

ISSGC'07 Announcement

We will put an announcement for EGEE's international summer school in the upcoming newsletter.  Is there anything else that OSG communications needs to do in this area?

Newsletter

I'm wondering if you found the last newsletter useful. We plan to run a second series of allhands meeting session summaries in the April issue.  Any comments on newsletter contents, specific or general, would be appreciated.

Brochures

Do you have any feedback on the brochure we produced for the all hands meeting? (doc 595 in docdb) For the CI days brochure? (doc 594) About publicity materials in general?  TeraGrid and EGEE have some fancier brochures than we do (but their budgets are higher, too...).

Misc.

I'm working on some OSG graphics with a graphic artist; may ask for input from you soon.

The documentation activity has moved into higher gear again, we've resumed meetings and are coordinating tasks.  I created a FAQ out of the old knowledgebase info, and we'll need review by technical experts coming up soon.

That's all for now.  Feel free to give me a call if you want to discuss anything. 630-840-8039.

-- Anne





 