%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466109822" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---++ Attending
Kent, Illya, Rob, Marco, John, Ransom, Anand, David, Horst, Karthik, Michael, Burt, Doug, Alain, Dave, Abhishek, Steve, Leigh

---++ Agenda
   * VDT state
   * ITB testing
   * ITB 0.5.0 (OSG 0.6.0)
   * AOB

---++ VDT

Alain

   * Still working through platform problems - and new software - and some interactions.
   * FC4 on 64 bit for LIGO - seg faults, mostly resolved.
   * Middle of next week is the new target.

---++ ITB w/ VDT 1.3.11

Leigh

   * Installing VDT 1.3.11 via =ce= package.
   * CEMon issue - requiring a gridmap, causing problems.  Steve suggests using a blank gridmapfile

Weigand

   * Optional or required on CEMon? 
   * No decision yet.
   * Has implication on install process vs config process; eg voms directory gets created.
   * Default values for configuration/implication on documentation.

Steve

   * Lets install initially, provide instructions to turn it off.

Questions

   * What is specific for 0.5.0? 
   * Documentation - can start working on 0.5.0 documentation in the twiki.  Concerns about retrofits from 0.4.0 being rolled back into the ITB documentation.  Burt doesn't think so.  Need to check with !RobQ; %RED% need to give notice on when we can start %ENDCOLOR%.


---++ ITB 0.5.0

Illya

   * Most everything is summarized in the twiki: see http://osg.ivdgl.org/bin/view/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo/WebHome
   * LIGO and GADU suffer from the same problem - VDS tools.  
   * David - have been working with VDS to develop tools to validate sites with VDS.  Interaction with Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS to extract site information. 
   * Kent - new VDS release to fix a bug will make it into VDT 1.3.11.  Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS - pulls from OSG registration database, Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-validation.  Also being used by nanohub. 

---++ AOB
   * ES actvity - timeline.  Hope to be in time for 1.3.12, will it be in time for an OSG 0.5.x release?  Alain worried about the timeline, expects it to be significant. 
   * Do we need to ressurect the deployment meeting?  Need better communication and notification from ET.