%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285876" format="1.1" reprev="1.9" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Trash/Trash/Integration meeting, Mar 16, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesMar9
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---+++!! Background information

   * Description of the current release, and schedule, ItbRel036
   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.3.10/][VDT 1.3.10 documentation]]
   * [[http://home.fnal.gov/~weigand/osg/osg-voms-notes.html][Notes on Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS testing]]
   * VomsWhatToDo


---++Attending
   * Burt, Rob, Marco, Ilya, Horst, Karthick, Ransom, Eric, Alan, Shoawen, Leigh, Alain, David, Doug, John R, Eric, Parkak, Steve, Mark, Xin, Bockjoo, Frank W

---++Agenda

   * State of ITB 0.3.6
      * VDT 1.3.10a fixes and features
      * Managed fork job manager issues
      * =configure-osg.sh=
      * Documentation: [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/DocumentationTable036and037][Doc's list]]
   * Validation
      * ValidationPage
      * Applications
   * Virtual ITB workshop
   * Provisioning
   * AOB


---++ State of ITB 0.3.6
   
   * Schedule review (Rob)
      * Any show-stoppers to push the release date back?
      * We do have places in the documentation where we don't have owners, GUMS documentation. In particular SE install guide.
      * There is a CE document in progress by Frank W.  Need to incoroprate this into the documentation set.
      * Mark: raising again the CE-SE plus information service binding.  Shaowen will pick up on emails. Add variables to conf file.  Registration as well. srm-tester at BNL. Keep Steve T and Leigh in the loop.
         * Shaowen *update*: srm testing is still not successful. from gip glue schema service handle still has missing component. Perhaps have osg conf file include this 'middle' part (srm manager information), or include in release? 
         * Update in OSG cache. This will mean a new configure_gip.sh script and configure_osg.sh? 


   * VDT 1.3.10a (Alain) 
      * Its perfect
      * See VDT mail about 4 last bugs.
      * Hard-coded path in managed-fork
      * managed-fork job manager prevented use of pre-existing condor
      * voms-proxy-init can now reference init file in VDT, but with a warning
      * extra config variable (see known problems)
      * 64bit on RHEL4; can support 64bit on RHEL3. voms not working on 32bit-mode on 64bit architectures. 64b on RHEL3 should work.
      * See documented bugs on VDT page.
      * Q: has there been any work on a Condor-Globus job manager that removes the requirement of a shared filesystem. (Transferring of files via gass cache, etc.).  Alain thinks there is a simple solution that might involve use of Condor-G. (Could add as an optional, unsupported package to 1.3.10a)

   * ITB 0.3.6 Cache and Packages (Leigh)
      * Packages are finalized.
      * 5 separate packages: ce, client, gums, voms, workernode-client
      * Separate (optional) package now available.
      * mis-ci updated.
      * Known problem with site-verify with managed-fork, to be fixed in next two weeks.
      * Pre and WS-gram will be installed.  Will need some work post-install, needs to be documented.
      
   * Workernode-client Bug (Steve)
      * The options/questions do not work as advertized - see Steve's mail.
      * Install as non-root, or on another machine.
      * Steve will document in WorkerNodeClient.
      * Leigh's question: =gsi-openssh= is included. Will remove.

---++ Documentation
   * Follow up on documentation [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/Integration/DocumentationTable036and037][assignments]]


---++ Validation

   * See ValidationPage and SiteValidationTableITB036
   * Applications - Ilya, Frank (see new osg-users list)
   * Web services testing (Brian)

---++ Review of Sites

%RED% DID NOT REVIEW - OUT OF TIME %ENDCOLOR%

   * Sites:
      * UIOWA-ITB
      * IUPUT_ITB
      * FNAL_CMST1_TEST (today, tomorrow)
      * ITB_INSTALL_TEST (John)
      * LIGO-CIT-ITB (not participating)
      * CIT-ITB2 (Ilya)
      * One of Steve T's sites at FNAL
      * IU_iuatlas
      * BNL_ITB_Test1 (?)
      * UNI-OSG-ITB (wait)
      * OUHEP_ITB (?)
      * UFlorida-IGT (?)
      * CIT_CMS_OSG (no plans for an ITB)
      * Teragrid_UC-ANL (a test site, for 0.4.1)
      * UC_Teraport_OSG_ITB  (next)
      * t2dev-UC
      * Purdue: GIP config testing

---++ Virtual ITB Meeting

   * Will send coords on Monday.

---++ AOB

   * No meeting next week, due to V-ITB meeting on Wednesday.


*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 15 Mar 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%
