%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285877" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Trash/Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Coordinates

Minutes of the Trash/Trash/Integration meeting
May 12, 2005

2:30pm Central

1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending

Alan, John, Rob, Alain, Terrance, Jorge, Neha, 
Gabriele, Fred, Burt, Abhishek, Marco, Greg, 
Mark, Sudhir, Dane, Bockjoo, Horst, Karthik, (others missed)

---++Agenda

<pre>
 
> 1) Plans, schedule for ITB 0.1.6
> 2) News on validations (privilege? gt4 gridftp?)
> 3) GridEx on ITB
> 4) Documentation
> 5) AOB

</pre>

---++ITB schedule

MIS meeting - agreement there to wait for GIP1.2 and
the latest GLUE release.  Questions:

Will the GIP 1.2 actually be released on Monday?
Its an updated version, so there will be concerns?

Dane - would be useful to flesh out a test plan for 
this now. 

Note: the provisioning timeline calls.
May 27 is the deadline for the release candidate.

* Discussed the release naming scheme.  Alan will
circulate a proposal.

Note - changes between 1.3.5 and 1.3.6:

   * 1.3.6 is not done, not passing nightly tests.
   * installs properly for sure, rocks 3.0 and sl 3.
   * new version of pacman will make this simpler.
   * new config scripts.
   * fixed few bugs with path names
   * new apache, new ftsch, new prima, new voms, new drm,
  gridftp to 4.0, sungridengine as job manager
   * and finallly, which GIP

Not much will happen before Monday.  After that, there
will be the nightly build, and further tests.  We plan to
start preparations for ITB 0.1.6 early next week, but the
release will follow VDT 1.3.6's release.


---++ Validations

   * Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS/prima/gums:
  Terrance: prima plus gums with roles working (two roles).
  Will put together a document for their experiment. For VOs
  which have complex roles it should simple to use GUMS config.
      * Note John W will add examples for different configs.
      * grid proxy modes are supported - ignore the FQAN (fully qualified attribute name).  
      * John warns that there will be problems supporting users in multiple VOs who try to use grid-proxy; they should use voms proxy.
      * John will provide first cut at examples by next week.

   * Gabriele - building a new GUMS that fix a truncation of the
  service cert. Asks for users to submit any 

   * Sudhir on accounting. looking at jobs with monalisa client - users that get their DN
   mapped to different group accounts appear in different VOs in the
   monitoring system. No solution expect to use different certs.
   
   * No report on gridftp4

   * Now new application issues

---++ GridEx on ITB 

(Jeff Weber)

First try on ITB using GridCat info, ran well on half the sites.
Now, only 5 of 19 sites are running fine.  Most failed due to 
authentication problems.

Questions:

   * how to remedy the current authentication errors?
   * which sites are really active?
   * reporting: osg-int list or igoc?

Need a flag for "ready for use", controlled by admin. Some
incompatibilities with the discovery service (discussions offline).

---++New Status Flag for ITB Sites
Discuss setting a site state variable, controlled by the site administrator, 
which publicizes his intention for the site.  Valid states:

   * active - "open for jobs, please debug and validate"
   * inactive - "closed, don't send jobs"
   * unknown  - not set by the site admin

GridEx uses the GridCat interface for its information.

*Implementation by Bockjoo*: estimate one week.  Until then, Jeff will
resolve problems by sending mail to igoc, or to site admins directly.

---++ Documentation

Dane - continued to be concerned about forking the doc from
ITB.  Manual integration of improvements to ITB would be required
for provisioning.  Making some changes in the ITB docs, finding
that little is ITB specific (version numbers can tag).  Conclusion
is to work and improve, and generalize, on ITB twiki as basis.
Relation to documentation group - doc group is getting the
formal front doors for deployment/operations in order.  Anne
is helping with some of the restructuring and documention. 


---++ Action Items, Pending Issues

   * Release of GIP 1.2
   * Release of VDT 1.3.6, with GIP issue resolved one way or another.
   * ITB 0.1.6 preparations, pre release
   * Typical GUMS configuration (roles and groups) for a site documented (John W)
   * Grid Ex on the ITB (Jeff)
   * GridCat site active flag (Bockjoo)



<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 12 May 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%
