%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985980" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="RelCanItb015Val"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Attending 
Neha, Alain, Steve, Mike, Greg, Rob Q, Rob G, Jorge, Tim Messer, Doug, Kent, Michael, Leigh, Xin, Craig, Kent, Ruth, Bockjoo, Jed, Horst

---++ Previous Meeting

   * MinutesApril20


---++ Meeting Notes

We agreed that we would begin reviewing the status of service and application validations.  
Information should be loaded onto the ValidationPageRel01 twiki: http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/ValidationPageRel01

<pre>

1) Services:

Recall the initial Service Readiness plans on http://www.ivdgl.org/osg-int/ and the integration 
plans delivered during the February integration workshop.

   * SiteVerify summary of ITB 0.1.5-2 sites  - Rob Q 

      * Doing a roundup of sites from gridcat, http://osg-itb.ivdgl.org/gridcat/.
      * ATLAS installed on 9 OSG sites, validation in progress.
      * Site admins encouraged to enter status of privilege tests in PrivTest wiki topic.

   * Report on new GridFTP tests - Mike, Craig

      * Mike checked status of site accessibility today; developing test harness.
      * Pair-wise tests, with old and new servers.  Trivial test at the moment, will 
        increase in complexity. 
      * Will extend to other sites, will have problems.
      * Note - sample group mappings for GUMS need to be provided as a minimum.
      * Problems with GUMS service stability.
      * GUMS to VOMS not apparent from outsite the site.
      * Craig: test results are available on GridFTP page.  

* Privilege services: VOMS/GUMS/PRIMA -- Note, all tests in the ITB
  should be recorded in "PrivTests", linked on the ValidationPage.
  We want to log which modes have been tested and shown to work, or
  not. (site admins please contribute here)

   * Leigh observes GUMS failues with GADU, SDSS, and USCMS
   * John W: his GUMS can get to all VOMS but GADU
   * WE NEED MORE COORDINATION AMONG VO ADMINISTRATORS - VO-ADMINS@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG SUGGESTED.
List requested Thurs evening. Will include GUMS admins for now. Should be in place for Friday (Ruth)

* GridCat client tool validation (faithful reporting? interfaces now
  understood - for the interim) - Bockjoo, or application VO testers

   * Discussion with Xin - has not tested client tool.  Yuri has been using it successfully though.
   * Bockjoo - tests with scripts are checking out.  A problem with BNL_OSG_TEST1 site,
     jobmanager-mis. Xin, Gabriele looking into it.
   * There are problems with site admins filling in all the fields. Do we want to flag this?
Will flag in the Deployment meeting -  it will affect operations.(Ruth)
   * There are 7/9 sites with environmental variables correct.
      Long Term - Will write a script to check this.(Bockjoo)
      Short Term - Will do manual auditing on the preciseness of the information.(Bockjoo)

* MIS-CI

   * Bockjoo has reported that it is being installed correctly on all the ITB sites.
   * A cron job runs every 10 minutes, fills the database.  Every 30 minutes an external script
     runs, reads the database, and populates the webpage.
   * What is the load created by this script - it does seem that the impact is reduced.
     Cron script timing : real 7.5s user 0.9s sys 1.5s (Bockjoo)

   * The cron job runs as ivdgl.  Can it be run as another account?  This will need to be changed.

     <a href='http://www.ivdgl.org/MIS-CI/configure-misci.sh.choose'>New MIS-CI configure</a> : can choose which user (Bockjoo)
     This could be included in the next update. Don't know when (Bockjoo).
   
* ACDC for the ITB - Mark

   * No report
   * At the monitoring meeting today Mark said he would try to bring this up today.

* MonaLISA Client - need a volunteer to try out, and capture usage
  information on the ITB and report to the group.  Was not clear
  if Iosif has released the newest client or not.
Have asked OSG Accounting to do this.  Will try and get a report for next week.(Ruth)

   * Rob reports that Iosif is still working on bug fixes to the client - available ~ week.
   * Jorge asks that there be an impact study of the monalisa load on host servers.
   * Is the load significant? Leigh: if logfiles are large, VO modules use significant load.
   * Is logrotate happening?  ML was providing this itself.  Can this be checked?

* Discovery service - Michael

   * Added entry to the validation page twiki, and added some clarification.
   * Only one site has installed it (cmsserv23.fnal.gov).  Need a volunteer.
   * Suresh has a problem with a Rocks conflict.
   * Leigh has installed on iuatlas - had connect problems.
   * Install and update instructions updated, check.
   * Florida will volunteer again. "should" do it.
   * Added another validation test - add a command line tool to publish an arbitrary
     service.  
   * New mode suggested at monitoring meeting - register a service with a remote registry without
     running the discovery service.  Needs development - integrate next time around.
   
* VDT - Alain or Nate (carry over items for provisioning?)

   * No report, Alain had to leave early.


2) Applications:

----> VO's: please record the summary of your validations
by creating twiki topics in the applications section.  What
are the status of:

ATLAS - Marco: few sites good. see atlas validation twiki page
BTEV - No report.
CDF - Alan: there are new CDF people working on this, making handoff from what was done before.
CMS - Craig: several sites good, see cms validation twiki page.  
D0 - No report.
fMRI - Jed: new validation page, see summary.
GRASE - No report.
GADU - No report.
LIGO - No report. 
SDSS - No report.
Star - Doug: haven't tried to run anything on ITB yet. 


3) Documentation:

   * follow-up on rationalization of Privilege and SiteAdmins topics
     in the twiki (John W, Leigh)
     - Steven Timm contributed some edits to the gums admin page.
     - Leigh has added some notes on mappings.
     - No report John W.
     - Leigh will follow up this item with John W. 

   * VO registration and VOMS summary information table, 
     http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/VoAdmins
     - D0 and LIGO VOMS and VO admins are missing.
     - SDSS and GADU have old version of VOMS. 
     - Need to create vo-admins@opensciencegrid.org - there is little communication
       or coordination among the VO admins. Should probably include GUMS admins on this
       list.

4) Discussion of accounts

   * should clarify this issue for an interim solution, identify site
     admin options, dependencies (VO modules)

     - Multiple accounts don't work with the legacy Grid3 authentication system (edg-makegridmap).
     - then what about GUMS with multiple accounts? How is this setup?
     - compatibility configuration install for GUMS, and "full privilege" for GUMS.
     - This issue needs to be carried forward to provisioning.


5) Other Glaring Problems

   * list of "known problems" mostly resolved.
   * collect the usual laundary list of problems today:
      * PACMAN features/problems:
      * hardwired python path -- Alan will communicate a fix to Saul
      * Suresh: missing setup files in install area. Leigh: happens by design with a pacman -remove.
        There is disagreement between Pacman and VDT about this feature.  What is the
        recommended fix, for now?  $pacman -setup should put the setup files back.  

   * identify carry-over issues to be dealt with in Provisioning phase.
       * Everything not resolved hsould be carried forward.

RECALL - all this information must be in place by FRIDAY - when the final check off for OSG deployment occurs.  There will not be another release of the ITB in this phase of the Activity.

6) "Spring Deployment" Integration Wrap up.

   * Plan to meet again next week mop up, follow-up issues.
   * Lively discussion about keeping the integration activity alive, since we know more services
     are in development and will need integration.
   * Expect ITB to shrink; some resources have pleged to remain for continued integration purposes.

</pre>


---++ From Rob

Thanks to everyone for a terrific contributions to this phase of the integration activity.  We had a broad cross section of contributions coming from most all VOs and other OSG Activities, with people working double-time mostly to get the testbed and validation in place. The focus now turns towards http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Provisioning/WebHome and Deployment. 

And especially to the Coordinators Rob and Leigh for giving the whole Activity leadership, deliverables and keeping everything on track. (Ruth)


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
- Main.RobGardner - 21 Apr 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="RobGardner" date="1114121882" from="Integration.MinutesApril212" to="Integration.MinutesApril21"}%
