%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466010173" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, December 22, 2005.

   * Last meeting: MinutesDec15
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

   * Rob, Marco, Leigh, Marty, Rob Q, Burt, Erik, Ruth, Stu, Alain, Jens, John, Mike, David Meyers, Showen, Ransom, Jeff, Alan


---++ Agenda

   * Review of Provisioning schedule
   * osg 0.3.4 validation
   * Policy templates
   * Grid Ex
   * AOB


---++ Provisioning Schedule

   * Remarks from co-chairs about schedule and other OSG 0.4 deployment issues.  (Burt, Rob Q)
   * Discussion about 0.4 release schedule - week after 0.3.4 officially out, which is now. 
   * Documentation being updated, and last minute components to be validated.
   * Full day of work for doc transfer from twiki to production web site.
   * End of next week for documentation. Concerns about holiday schedule - estimate Jan 3,4 for official release of OSG 0.3.4.
   * Will take some work to put into Mambo, etc.
   * Burt would like Jens to do some basic diagnostic. 

---++ Policy Templates for OSG 0.4

Discussion about a proposed PolicyTemplate for OSG.  (Ruth, Leigh, Stuart Fuess)

   * Would like all sites to post policies as part of the OSG release.
   * Can be web pages, URL to be included in registration database.
   * Rob Q will put into the database. 
   * What about collection via GIP and GridCat?  Yes, there is a policy URL now included. Would be better to report via the information service. 
   * Stu would like comments to these templates, these are first drafts. 
   * What about expression of the batch queueing system? 
   * Format for publishing this information?
   * Use the format for PPT activity. 
   * Comments to fuess@fnal.gov.  What is the schedule for this? When provisioning co-chairs indicate readiness for deployment.


---++ OSG 0.3.4 validation progress

   * Release description, ItbRel034
   * John's ITB validation [[http://home.fnal.gov/~weigand/osg-tools/osg-itb/index.html][report]]
      * Nightly builds look fine.
   * Site reports
      * FNAL_CMST1_TEST
      * ITB_INSTALL_TEST
      * IU_iuatlas
      * UC_Teraport_OSG_ITB
      * David at LIGO has installed 0.3.4, hoping to be green by day's end.
      * Marty @ UC will install.
      * Iowa - will do this next week.  Also has brought up new system at UNI (GROW VO), registered as an ITB, already in GridCat.
   * Burt has validated srm-cp from worker node, still works in 0.3.4.
   * Pending issues
      * New validation page GIP from Ransom.
         * <a href="http://rsgrid1.its.uiowa.edu/osg-gip/">Validation Page</a>
      * Marco has been updating the local storage documention for configuration and use. Invites comments and contribution.
      * Documentation from Terrance and Frank for local storage to Burt. 


---++ GridEx

   * Discussion of how to support Gridex.
   * Gridex cert as part of the iVDGL VO? Gridex application has to run at a lower priority. 
   * Gridex as a VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo is a solution.  Use the VDT support center.  We have a voms server, but we're not distributing it.
   * Needs a policy page, etc., and a registration for the VO.  Jeff will do this today.
   * Expect by Jan 4-5, a new package to be delivered.  Production VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo support centers will need to be advised.
   * The account will be =gridex=.


---++ AOB

   * No other items.


---++ Next Meeting

   * The next meeting of the ITB will be next week, December 29, 2005.


-- Main.RobGardner - 22 Dec 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%