%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285877" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Trash/Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Trash/Integration meeting, September 7, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesAug31
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++ Attending
   * Burt, Rob G, John W, Illya, David, Marco, Greg, Gabriele, Alan, 'Iowa', Horst, Karthik, Rob Q, Doug, Dave Brown/Purdue, Alain, Conrad, Xin, John R

---++ Agenda
   * Monitoring discussion
   * ITB Monalisa server move
   * CEMon configuration
   * srm client config
   * NFS-lite
   * ITB 0.5.0 activities
   * AOB

---++ Monitoring discussion
Conrad Steenburg joined the meeting to provide an overview of the monitoring activity and field questions from the ITB group:
   * The monitoring activity itself doesn't do any development per se, but takes individual systems from various sources and integrates them where possible to provide a coherent set of monitoring services.
   * Current monitoring systems in use:
      * Monalisa - distributed system based on Java and Jini.
      * Globus - LDAP based monitoring, with GIP, and MDS4 web-service based.
      * MIS-CI, used in conjuction with GridCat.  Notes:
         * No longer being actively developed.  Plans are to use Monalisa info providers to pick up GridCat functionality.  The group is looking into the Glue schema, and new attributes that are necessary.  
         * *Question*: what is the timeline for phasing this out, and having this taken up by Monalisa. Not known presently, Conrad will follow up with Michael Thomas.
      * CEMon - the resource selection service.
   * What about Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS? - John R: it is an aggreation/cataloging tool rather than an information service.
   * Where does BDII fit in? - It too is an aggregator, can run on a CE,  populates a local  populates this in a central place. 

Rob G:
   * Questions about deployment guidance of BDII servers, whether MDS2 should be dropped altogether, etc.

Ransom:
   * Each CE should run a BDII that execs the GIP and serves it via LDAP. 
   
Alain:
   * BDII is a one-to-one replacement of MDS2, using a new version of Open LDAP - working on it for 1.3.12.
   * The one issue is authentication - MDS2 was modified to add security, and previously we required authentication of MDS.

General discussion about privacy/security, in regard to openness of BDII.  Generally felt that focusing on functionality first
and deferring the privacy issue for the time being is the approach to take. 

---++ ITB Monalisa server move
   * John R: moving to a new host for the ITB meeting.  No objections were made.
   * The new server will be hosted at: monalisa-itb.grid.iu.edu:8080, later today.

---++ CEMon configuration issue
   * John W: 
      * There are notes with targeted for the current installation of cemon and current configure-gip: Trash/Trash/ResourceSelection.CEMonAndGIPInstallationNotes
      * There is a module that probes GUMS configuration, sends an authz request.  Requires a special group mapping in the configuration file.  John will forward this to Rob Q.  This needs to be flagged for GUMS service admins.
   * Alain: we will be putting a new configuration script into something called VDT 1.3.11a.
   * We discussed the issue of whether or not CEMon is installed by default.  Previously, we said yes, installed by default but optionally activated.  There may be a limitation for doing this in the current package since its bundled with Tomcat.  Alain is looking into this.  Decided, for simplicity, to split the installation out of ce.pacman, and make this change for the next ITB release 0.5.1.

---++ srm client config
This was discussed in the VDT office hours (notice this after the meeting -rwg): from minutes:
<pre>
===== srmcp problems =====
Alan asked about a few srmcp problems. The first is a Pacman problem with Pacman making an incorrect setup.sh file. Alain will work on Saul with this. The second is a problem with srmcp not using CA certificates if they are installed on NFS. Alain will follow up with Timur on this.
http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/rt/index.html?user=guest&pass=guest&q=2110
http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/rt/index.html?user=guest&pass=guest&q=2113
</pre>
Discussion here:
   * Alan: does srm-cp work out of the box?  How does it locate the certificates file?
   * Does it work from osg-workernode client? 
   * Jerry Gieraltowski's note:
<pre>
1) I don't agree that setting SRM_CONFIG should be left to the users. If
this variable is not set srmcp will not work correctly. If you look for
SRM_CONFIG on google all you find is a number of trouble tickets
pointing to the fact that the variable is not set. The tarball for srm-v1-client
does not contain any instructions for setting this variable so I don't see
how the general user would know to set this variable ahead of time. It's
default value is:
export SRM_CONFIG=${VDT_LOCATION}/srm-v1-client/etc/config.xml
2) The variable VDT_LOCATION should be expanded to its current value
during the installation of srm-v1-client in the file config.xml
</pre>
   * Need to get Alan and Jerry together. Rob Q will follow-up on this issue.

---++  NFS-lite issue for LIGO
   * David at Ligo - cannot run validation on ITB sites using NFS-lite, as discovered at Caltech's ITB site.
   * Debugged the cause with Michael Thomas.
   * Has had a short meeting with Miron, Alain, Leigh on this.
   * Burt - Terrence is in the loop on this, not sure of the timescale for fixing it yet.
   * For now, LIGO simply must avoid sites which use the NFS-lite modified gatekeeper, which is mostly CMS sites.

---++  ITB 0.5.0 activities
   * Decided to keep ITB 0.5.0 as is for the time being.
   * Documentation - we will keep a single ITB 0.5.0 documentation set, but will mark changes for minor releases 0.5.1, 0.5.2, etc.
   * On deck for ITB 0.5.1:
      * Splitting off the CEMon package from the main ce.pacman.
      * Put in a package for the gums configuration template, as required by CEMon.

---++  AOB
   * Burt - need to continue to ask Saul improve robustness of Pacman as a package management tool, especially for updates.  Alan will work on a page which has a set of tips for Pacman use.  Alain - is working working with Saul on this (preserving setup files); as a backup, is considering writing vdt-setup files.


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 06 Sep 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%
