%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466109822" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Integration meeting, December 15, 2005.

   * Last meeting: MinutesDec8
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending

   * Andrew, Marty, Rob, Neeha, John, Kent, Steve, Jens, Horst, Karthick, Terrance, Bockjoo, Crhris, Doug, Rob, Alan, Eric, David Meyers, Wayne, Leigh, Jason, John, Alan, Shoawen, Ransom, Tim, Frank  (I've missed some that went by too fast).


---++ Agenda

   * osg-0.3.3, vdt 1.3.9 status
   * Dashboard validation presentation, and supported VOs on sites
   * VDT job environment validation
   * OSG site attributes and GIP, storage presentation
      * local storage documents, config and use
      * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/LocalStorageConfiguration
      * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/LocalStorageUse
   * osg-wn-client validation
   * GridEX validation results
   * Gridcat presentation and use, issues
   * Application validations - status and results: CMS, ATLAS, SDSS-local-storage
   * Documentation
   * other strange problems

---++ osg-0.3.3, vdt 1.3.9 status

   * Installations:

      * John @ fermilab
      * Texas Tech
      * IU feynman (ws only)
      * Steve Timm @ fermilab
      * Leigh iuatlas (pre-ws)
      * Iowa (ws only)
      * Burt @ fermilab

Issues noted from Leigh:

<pre>
  1) your update to osg-attributes.conf and 
    configure-osg.sh
  2) odd warning in container.log (VDT)
  3) policy url not reported in the output of grid-info-grid3-site.
  4) monalisa does not start errors :
   java.net.ConnectException: Connection refused
   if ganglia turned on in (vdtFarm.conf) 
   configure_monalisa script does not turn off when
    answering 'N' to the questions (reported by John W)
  5) testing and verifing output of information from
    the generic information provider
</pre>


Going over these, and others:

   * osg-attributes issues
      * Bockjoo wanted queue info put into the conf, to get fine grained info about available processors.
      * Leigh will look into what it would take add this.
      * Policy URL not to be read directly from osg-attributes.conf file.
      * In VDT 1.3.10 - put VDT_LOCATION communicted to the running job.

   * (Aside) Fred suggests that we consider establishing a deadline for changes to the release, will send mail for proposal.

   * Leigh - getting a warning in the container log when setting up ws-gram. Tim is a 
aware of the problem, not sure if theres a functional problem.

   * Monalisa - see Known Issues.

   * Leigh having problems setting up GIP, unable to get to report back to the gstat pool.

   * Lawrence wants to run SFT (site functional tests) via the MIS-VO.  Need to figure out how this is supported.

From John W:

   * Monalisa trouble ticket.

---++ Dashboard validation presentation, and supported VOs on sites

   * Kent - the caltech cluster is not showing up in the ad-hoc matrix.  RWG will email Mark.

---++ VDT job environment validation

   * Alan - reminds everyone not to try a Pacman update in order to try to bring in the
job environment package.

---++ OSG site attributes and GIP, and storage presentation

   * Changes late last week all went into VDT 1.3.9.  Done!

   * How much of SITE_READ, SITE_WRITE should you put into the configuration. (eg. dcap URI's, how much
do you put into the configuration).   Question from Steve, he will discuss with Frank and Abhishek.

   * Local storage documents, config and use
      * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/LocalStorageConfiguration
      * http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Trash/Trash/Integration/LocalStorageUse
      * Could use some more examples. What to put for the SRM-DRM (currently empty)?  Eric will consult Alex Sim.
      * What about the description of an "LCG style" SE? Relevant?  To maintain symmetry with the requirements document, but will sites setup in this way?  Frank will delete for now.

---++ osg-wn-client validation

   * Burt's tests went okay.
   * UCSD will also test.
   * Greg will test on teraport.
   * Note - changes coming for 0.3.4 to support vds-worker package.


---++ GridEX validation results

   * Back to this issue.  Gridex is not supported on the default production Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo package, because most Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's won't support it, and we use the same package for both the ITB and production sites.  There currently is a GridEx group available (in the iVDGL Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS server) that should be used, and mapped to a gridex account, rather than ivdgl (so that it can be given arbitrarily low priority).   Leigh will propose a solution here and implement, for Gridex.


---++ Gridcat validation

   * Alan notes a problem showing red in gridcat, and is finding problems with the location of certificates.  The certificates are located locally rather than in root. Does this cause a problem for edg-crl-update?  Horst sees no problem.  


---++ Application validations - status and results: CMS, ATLAS, SDSS-local-storage

   * CMS - hope to complete validation by the end of the week on fnal ITB site.
   * SDSS - was able to run production job at UCSD, srm paths hardcoded.  This has exposed a problem with the meaning of SITE_READ. 
   * LIGO - able to run on its own site. Waiting for more ITB sites that have the VDS tools properly installed.
   * ATLAS - has run Capone validation on the OU site.

---++ Check off items from last week

   * SITE_READ, SITE_WRITE - how are these accessed by applications?  (we discussed at today's meeting)
   * APP and DATA directories are available, but the new locations are available yet.  Does this require a revision of the GLUE schema?  
      * Shaowen will work on publishing these via GIP. Will do some homework, and will send out email. (done)  
   * Anyone testing job environment package with PBS? (didn't follow-up on this)
   * Sites upgrading to 0.3.3  (defer to next week, with 0.3.4 release))
      * Steve
      * John W
      * Iowa - looking into job manager condor
      * Burt
      * UB
      * Teraport
      * Xin - having Condor problems
      * UC - starting tomorrow
      * At IU, one web and pre-web


---++ Timeframes for Provisioning (Burt)

   * Call all the final changes osg-0.3.4.
   * Monalisa needs to get patched, to be included in the OSG package. Will not wait for VDT 1.3.10.
   * Packaging of VDS for osg-wn-client.  Tim will consult Nate for this.  Leigh/Rob(s) will modify the osg-wn-client-0.3.4.pacman package to pull appropriately.
   * SITE_READ, SITE_WRITE - meanings and usage need understanding and documentation.
   * NEXT TUESDAY WILL BE DEADLINE FOR ANY CHANGES TO 0.3.4.
   * Validation follow this period.
  

---++ Next week

   * There *will* be an ITB meeting next week to put review validations, and to put to rest ITB 0.3.4 issues.



-- Main.RobGardner - 15 Dec 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%