%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985980" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction

Minutes of the Integration meeting, February 9, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesFeb9
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---+++ Background information

   * Description of the current release, and schedule, ItbRel036
   * [[http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/releases/1.3.10/][VDT 1.3.10 documentation]]
   * [[http://ufdev01.phys.ufl.edu:8080/osgitb/index.php][GridCat 0.9.2-1]]


---++ Attending

   * Shaowen, Anand, Ransom, Alain, Mark, Greg, Rob, David, John R, Erik, Doug, John W, Horst, Rob Q, ...


---++ Agenda

   * Review of last meeting
   * Upcoming workshop
   * GridCat version 0.9.2.-1
   * Features of Globus for 1.3.10 release
   * GIP configuration updates
   * Update BDII version (3.4.2-1) to be deployed for the ITB 0.3.6 release


---++ Last Meeting

Following up on last meeting, MinutesFeb9.

   * Streaming disabled enhancing pre-WS GRAM in VDT 1.3.10.
   * "SEG" from Globus will not make it in time for 1.3.10.
   * WS gram: RFT SQL disconnect error is fixed in VDT 1.3.10
   * managed-fork fixes are in VDT 1.3.10.
   * VDS 1.4.4 in 1.3.10.
   * %GREEN% We did not discuss issues of formalizing problems with deployed ITB sites, and investigating problems in detail. This should be revisited before deployment of ITB 0.3.6 %ENDCOLOR%


---++ Schedule and virtual workshop

   * Release schedule calls for a one day ITB 0.3.6 virtual workshop on *March 15.*
   * Alan suggests Polycom bridged to VRVS, if video 
   * Jabber chat room would be useful.


---++ GridCat

   * New Version of GridCat 0.9.2-1 -  
        [[http://ufdev01.phys.ufl.edu:8080/osgitb/index.php Development release for review]]
      * Would like to update the ITB current version to 0.9.2-1 ASAP
      * For one week of testing before updating the Production Version by March 3 

   * New version includes Brazil and Asian maps.
   * Feedback - do we include 0.4.0 sites in the ITB instance?  Operations question?
   * What about 0.0.0 sites - should these be removed?
   * Can Pacman cache handling be changed to fetch a specific version?


---++ Globus in VDT 1.3.10

Features of Globus in the VDT 1.3.10 release.

   * Default vs optional Globus properties
      * Disabled Streaming [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0602b&L=osg-int&T=0&P=308] Update from Feb 8th]]
      * Default installation and startup of Globus WS-GRAM services
      * Installation procedures and issue for the managed-fork job manager
      * Changing from the authenticated MDS as default -- this has been fixed, but is an option in the OSG install.


---++ GIP configuration updates

   * Steve's issues: correctly reporting accounting groups for Condor.  Anand is working on this issue providing changes to Alain.

   * GIP check in ACDC dashboard doesn't seem to work properly (Alan).  Need to follow-up with Iowa team.

   * Site name issue - script figures this out from the OSG configuration rather than the monalisa site name. (Q: should the monalisa get name from the same place. John will provide patch.) 

   * Note: order of configure scripts: OSG, ML, GIP. Combine in one script?

   * PBS queue information [[http://listserv.fnal.gov/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind0602b&L=osg-int&T=0&P=5991]Discuss Ransoms' questions]]
      * Being addressed in VDT 1.3.10.  Fix for PBS requires VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo names and multiple queue names. Which attributes to be used. Are the right attributes being used? Following LCG convention. Will be included in the configuration script.

   * Laurence's Email to Interop on Wed:

<pre>
Date: Wed, 22 Feb 2006 10:51:56 +0100
From: Laurence Field <Laurence.Field@cern.ch> 
Subject: GIP config in OSG
To: osg-interoperability@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG

Hi,

I have found a problem with the GIP configuration for OSG.

The values for the following attributes in the GlueSite entry have quotes around them. These should
+be removed.

GlueSiteName
GlueSiteLatitude
GlueSiteLongitude
      
</pre>

   * Site name quote problem will be fixed.

   * All outstanding problems seem to be identified, but some validations still need to be made.  The validation script is now part of site verify.   Alan still is having problems with the GIP validation (can't find the glue schema.)



---++ BDII version 

   * Update BDII version (3.4.2-1) to be deployed for the ITB 0.3.6 release
    
   * MDS VO = sitename fixes a current problem with the GIP (replacing local) so that its read correctly. Currently in VDT 1.3.10. 

   * Current release is 3.5.4-1, which is what Iowa and LCG uses, but minor releases don't matter much.

   * IU installs from source, UI installs as part of LCG release.


---++ Policy 

   * Ruth reports no progress on this policy template.


---++ Provisioning

   * Provisioning date will slip to April 23.
   * Rob Q will send list documents needed for provisioning - installation instructions, etc, that get ported from Integration twiki to OSG production documented.  There are about 30.  Need to make sure we get the Integration and Provisioning documentation procedures in synch.
   * Q: where is the document describing the 0.4.1? ItbRel036 points to the major changes.
 
---++ AOB

   * Steve: how to advertise separate gridftp services hosts. Steve, Mark and Anand will examine this (does it need to be captured in GIP?) and will provide a recommendation.  Can this be available in time for 1.3.10.



<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->


*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.LeighGrund - 22 Feb 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%