%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285876" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Trash/Trash/Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Trash/Trash/Integration meeting, June 16, 2005. 

   * Last meeting, MinutesJune16
   * MeetingMinutes

---++Coordinates

2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212

---++Attending


---++Agenda

   * Reviewed of last week meeting notes:
      * CMS Installation- proposed workaround found, will report in 2 weeks on progress
      * An Applications Best Proactices document for OSG was proposed, Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's should consider allocating effort
      * Numbering scheme of new releases
   * Report from the TG-MIG small group of Grid3 and GIP configuration
      * Mark Green reports that focus group has been formed
   * What should the next ITB release 0.1.7 include, address, from current problems?
   * Monalisa issues, auto-updating, discussion
      * Dane will investigate readiness of Trash/Trash/Trash/Trash/VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoModules update.
      * May be easist to cut new VDT version with Monalisa Component updates
   * Any other topics?
      * SRMCP packages 
          * Leigh will create pacman file and add to next version of osg software
          * Robert Kennedy will update the Intergration twiki with testing and verification
              for this software
      * Bockjoo will update OSG ITB to display POLICY_URL
      * Leigh will update the Grid3 IP's to correct the grid-info-grid3-site output
      * New DRM 1.28 avaialble not in VDT, Perhaps we are ready to resurect SE deploymnets


<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 15 Jun 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%
