%META:TOPICINFO{author="SuchandraThapa" date="1275676530" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
<!-- This is the default OSG Integration template. 
Please modify it in the sections indicated to create your topic!
If you have any comments/complaints about this template, then please email me:
rwg@hep.uchicago.edu.  (Adapted from Atlas wiki template, Ed Moyse)
--> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic !-->
<!-- if you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic"!-->

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Notes from the OSG Integration Activity Meeting, Thursday, March 10 2005.

   * Attending Jorge, Craig, Bockjoo, Mark, Rob, Andrew, Kent, John, Horst, Suresh, Greg, Murali, Leigh, Jim, Gabriele, Jed, Naveen, Michael, Ed (...?)

---++ ITB 0.1.4 release description discussion (Rob)

Discussed goals of the next iteration of the ITB.  We are asking
service proponents/integrators to describe their (specific) intentions 
for ITB 0.1.4 release on the page: ItbRel014. There are links there to individual service webs which provide
more integration details of the service, not necessarily specific to this particular release, and pointers to other reference
information and native project webpages.


---++ VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS and other VDT 1.3.3 issues, schedule 

Nobody from the VirtualDataToolkit  showed at this meeting, but we did our
best to understand the schedule, and dependencies for the 
integration testbed. The delay centers around a miscommunication
between VDT and the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS team. Gabriele reported that there
was confusion over which CVS repository to use (there were
three to choose from: INFN, LCG, EGEE).  The agreement
is now to use the INFN CVS.  Vincenzo Ciaschini from INFN
is getting the CVS's into synch, and fixing voms-client
bugs.  The version we'll have is 1.4.0 for admin, server, and
client tools.  John points out that the new servers will be
necessary for role-based authorization to work.  

   * the bottom line is that VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS 1.4.0 will not be ready for VDT packaging until this Friday earliest, likely early next week.  Then we have VDT packaging and testing.  Assuming all is well VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo administrators will need to update their VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers.

   * for the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's supported in the ITB, the upgrade of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS's for each VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo needs to be checked in advance before we can expect a functional ITB.

---+++Notes added from A.Roy
<verbatim>
-----Original Message-----
From: owner-osg-int@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG [mailto:owner-osg-int@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG] On Behalf Of Alain Roy
Sent: Friday, March 11, 2005 9:02 AM
To: osg-int@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG
Cc: OSG-DEPLOYMENT@LISTSERV.FNAL.GOV
Subject: RE: OSG Integration meeting this week (Minutes)


I sincerely apologize for not being at the meeting. I thought I was going 
to make it, but I failed to do so. Preparing for Condor Week has kept me 
exceptionally busy.

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MinutesMarch10

You might wish to put the year in the URL, so next year there is no confusion.

>Nobody from the VirtualDataToolkit showed at this meeting, but we did 
>our
>best to understand the schedule, and dependencies for the integration 
>testbed. The delay centers around a miscommunication between VDT and the 
>VOMS team. Gabriele reported that there was confusion over which CVS 
>repository to use (there were three to choose from: INFN, LCG, EGEE). The 
>agreement is now to use the INFN CVS. Vincenzo Ciaschini from INFN is 
>getting the CVS's into synch, and fixing voms-client bugs. The version 
>we'll have is 1.4.0 for admin, server, and client tools. John points out 
>that the new servers will be necessary for role-based authorization to work.

Your understanding is mostly correct. The delay does not center on a 
miscommunication between VDT and VOMS, but was caused by a missing bug 
fix--the bug fix was not uniformly applied across the VOMS versions. VOMS 
1.4.0 will fix this, and the VDT will now have the important bug fix.

>     * the bottom line is that VOMS 1.4.0 will not be ready for VDT
> packaging until this Friday earliest, likely early next week. Then we 
> have VDT packaging and testing. Assuming all is well VO administrators 
> will need to update their VOMS servers.

Vincenzo released VOMS 1.4.0 this morning, and I'm already running a build. 
With luck, it will go into the VDT today, and we can release by next Tuesday.

-alain

</verbatim>

-- Main.RobGardner - 12 Mar 2005

---++ Core MIS update, schedule (Mark)

Mark provided an update of the Trash.IntegrationCoreMIS 0.2.5 intended for ITB
integration release 0.1.4 (ItbRel014).  It consists a site caching service
which is collecting GridCat information at the moment.
Correctly collect disk usage information. 
He will update the Twiki with release-specific description
of the functionality, and the Trash.IntegrationCoreMIS with more detailed
information and links for the project.  Everything is currently
working with the current VDT.

---++ Disk Resource Manager update, schedule (Jorge)
Jorge described the status of the readiness testbed for
the srm-drm (Trash.IntegrationDiskResourceManager). Joint work on-going with Ed May.  They are still having problems with basic functionality
of the service.  Would like additional help.  For ITB 0.1.4, will provide as an optional service with limited deployment.  An ITB
site can then help with the srm-drm service readiness.  Jorge will provide a functional description for ITB 0.1.4, and will provide
configuration procedures on the Trash.IntegrationDiskResourceManager web.

---++ GUMS (Gabriele)
Gabriele describe the current status of GUMSforOSG; there are a few remaining
details for packaging for inclusion in VDT 1.3.3.  Will take a little
time of the VDT team, about an hour, should make it in for the release.
Will update install directions on PrivilegeOSG twiki web.

---++ Discovery (Michael)
Michael reported no changes in the last week. Will provide release
description for ITB 0.1.4.

---++ fMRI VO (Jed)
Jed has done some validations of fMRI code on the ITB.  They
are available on the ValidationPageRel01. Will setup VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo on ITB -- Leigh will host this by creating an fMRI group in
iVDGL VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS.

---++ SiteVerify and USCMS/MOP (Craig)
There is a problem too-many-arguments passing to PBS job managers.
Craig investigating.  There was also a problem with the site verify
script (I didn't catch the details). Craig will fix.


---++ Summary of action items

   1 VDT packaging of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS 1.4.0 when released by Vincenzo, completing VDT 1.3.3.
   1 Spark tests of VDT 1.3.3. (by VDT itself)
   1 Leigh will provide instructions for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo adminstrators for the ITB, including a lightweight "registration" procedure.
   1 VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo admins to update VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers with 1.4.0.  Should be coordinated through OSG-privilege.  Leigh will collect status information for the ITB.
   1 Rob will update SiteAdmins web with core infrastructure instructions, OSGCEInstallGuide-0.1.6.
   1 Mark  will provide a functionality description of Trash.IntegrationCoreMIS intended for ITB 0.1.4: ItbRel014#Core_MIS. Also will provide more information and pointers to references about Trash.IntegrationCoreMIS on twiki web.
   1 John to update release description for Monalisa on twiki, ItbRel014#Monalisa and provide links/pointers to VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo modules source on the MonALISA twiki web MonALISA. Will provide a version tag in CVS for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo modules.  Will describe more details for auto-update options for site admins, with explicit instructions on disabling updates.
   1 Jorge: update ITB 0.1.4 release description twiki for srm-drm, ItbRel014#Disk_Resource_Manager. Provide content to the srm-drm twiki web describing further details of install/config/setup/test: Trash.IntegrationDiskResourceManager.
   1 Gabriele: work with VDT to get GUMS into 1.3.3.  Update ITB 0.1.4 release description for Privilege/GUMS, ItbRel014#Privilege, and the GUMS section on the PrivilegeOSG web with the "Privilege Scenarios" available to site admins (Legacy,GUMS, GUMS/PRIMA,...).
   1 Michael: will provide release description for ITB 0.1.4, ItbRel014#Discovery_Service and will provide integration specifics on the clarens discovery service twiki web: http://ultralight.caltech.edu/gaeweb/wiki/index.php/ClarensDiscoveryService.
   1 Craig: will fix problem in SiteVerify. Craig: can you update ValidationPageRel01#Site_Verify and provide a release description in ItbRel014#Site_Verifty? Thanks.
   1 Leigh: host fMRI VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo server; work with Jed to validate.
   1 John: update PrivilegeOSG twiki web with links and background info for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS.
   1 Bockjoo: can you update the GridCat description for ITB release 0.1.4: ItbRel014#GridCat.  Also, could you (and/or possibly Jed?) update the GridCat twiki integration topic with more information extracting site attirbutes and other GridCat information with the XML/RPC interface? 
   1 ITB Site Administrators: continue to work on festering problems which are independent of the upgrade to ItbRel014. 


---++ ITB 0.1.4 SCHEDULE
We have too many dependencies with unknowns to determine an accurate schedule. Major dependencies:
   1) Release of VDT 1.3.3.
   2) Availability of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS 1.4.0
   3) VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo adminstrators registering and updating VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers

Risks:
   1) Condor week delaying VDT 1.3.3 release and testing.
   2) Continued problems and delays of SRM-DRM.

In the pipeline - updated GLUE schema (next meeting)



<!-- MAJOR UPDATES
For significant updates to the topic, consider adding your 'signature' (beneath this editing box) !-->

*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 11 Mar 2005

%STOPINCLUDE%
