%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985981" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%


---++Introduction
Minutes of the Integration meeting, September 14, 2006
   * Last meeting: MinutesSep7
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: 2:30pm Central, 1-510-665-5437 #1212


---++ Attending
   * Michael, Faisal, Gabriele, Rob, Burt, GROW, Illya, John W, Horst, Karthik, Xin, David

---++ Agenda
For the agenda, lets start by following up from last week's meeting:

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Integration/MinutesSep7

Specifically, can we hear reports about:
   * vdt 1.3.11a updates (Alain)
   * More details about plans in Monalisa to gather glue-like information and other information presently cataloged in gridcat  (Conrad, Michael)
   * srm-client configuration (RobQ, Alan)
   * NFS-lite update (David, Burt)


---++ VDT update
   * There is a VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS security update that has been incorporated - its a separate package.
   * Waiting for Don/OSG-security group to give go ahead before released into production.
   * Configure CEMon and configure-gip changes to go in next week.

---++ Monalisa plans
Michael: what we're doing with Monalisa and Gridcat
   * Discovery service acts as WS registry, uses Clarens, and Monalisa used for distribution.
   * Can we merge the Gridcat catalog with the DS catalog - both are cataloging functions of *site configuration*.
   * Change how GC gets its config info from a site, to do this more like a DS.
   * GC would subscribe to config info from ML.  Rather than going through JM at each site.
   * A number of changes required - at GC server; add ML module to q mis-ci db. 
   * Have not thought about extending it more than that.  *Not* thinking as replacement for GIP. 
   * Use GIP info at site rather than MIS-CI database.
   * Small bit of development left.  Need to decide what to do, given the effort and momentum behind VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS.

Rob:
   * Lets try to address where there is complementarity, redundance, and opportunities for validation.

Shaowen response:
   * GIP - underneath is the GLUE schema, and GIP must adapt.
   * Effort to push GLUE schema forward, requires more community input.
   * GROW is working in MIPS, to move the technology forward, to reduce the limitations of GIP.
   * GIP publishes in OSG and EGEE context, pushes to BDII.
   * Jclarens should be viewed as monitoring and resource discovery, but we should be thinking ahead, eg. MDS4.   
   * Not sure how the two will provide consistent information on service discovery - lack of use cases to push it.
   * Need more rigorous validations, there are web pages for ITB and production OSG.

Evolution:
   * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS is on a path towards replacing Gridcat as a visual catalog, in terms of site functional tests.
      * See http://scan.grid.iu.edu/
   * Gridcat has a pretty map - there is an idea of using google-earth.
   * Ransom has implemented a visual map last year for GIPs/BDII.


Recommendation:
   * Rob Q, Michael, Kyle will cross-consult.
   * Will report.

---++ srm-client configuration
Rob Q:
   * Rob sent mail to Alan and Jerry, no response.
   * Try again next week.

---++ NFS-lite update
David
   * Making some progress with Terrance. 
   * Has prototype wrapper - tested locally.  Modified condor-g submit script.
   * Able to get initial directory to map properly.
   * David will test next week at CIT.
   * Will report more completely at the next meeting.

----++ ITB cache update
   * ITB 0.5.0 remains in tact, available for ITB site testing.
   * ITB 0.5.1 - next focus.

---++ CEMon update
   * Rob Q's instance is running a high load, on a single gatekeeper.  Load is usually between 2,3.
   * Gabriele has beeen working with Horst/OU to implement a CEMon on top of an OSG 0.4.1 installation.
   * Has validated that machine has advertized information correctly to the RSS.  Have not actually submitted a job, but have not yet setup cluster to accept D0 jobs.
   * Horst will report on load.
   * John W: believes perl script is cpu intensive - takes 2-4 secs, 100% cpu bound.  Every minute is the default, should change to 5 minutes.
   * Gabriele: look at the installation directions - everything is addressed.  You can change the frequency of reporting to the central info system.  These issues have been mitigated. John is referring to the GIP script.  Who owns the script?  LCG.  Iowa supplied a wrapper which significantly reduced it. 
   * John has put this into VDT tichet #2076. 
   * Shaowen will work this issue and report back.

---++ Twiki
   * John is working with a new person at fermilab on twiki. 
   * Editing INCLUDES easier.
   * Editing TABLES easier.
   * See DocumentationTable050 for the edit includes feature.... you can see how it shows in the document this page is included in here CEInstallGuide050#Introduction


*Major updates*:%BR%
<!--Future editors should add their signatures beneath yours!-->
-- Main.RobGardner - 14 Sep 2006

%STOPINCLUDE%