%META:TOPICINFO{author="BurtHolzman" date="1220637251" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
(to be polished after mtg)

GIP notes<br /><br />Myself, Alain, Brian, Tony<br /><br />no release sched for 1.2, but major goal to restructure <br />might be driven by new platform support from big stakeholder<br /><br />prod bestman developers<br /><br />documentation for alter-attributes.conf (AT)<br />Suchandra and Jeff will test, (BH) to send changelog to Suchandra.<br />follow up with MPI Andrew Howard (BH)<br />bug 18: no follow-up from Tony<br />bug 16: fixed in 1.2<br />bug 17: fixed in 1.0.1, follow up with GLOW-CMS (BH)<br />bug 20: no progress<br /><br />mailing list BB sent suggestion on config subcluster/se/config.ini to <br />Suchandra. <br /><br />multiple resources into single site: talk to GG.