%META:TOPICINFO{author="BurtHolzman" date="1226086302" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Burt, Tony, Suchandra, Brian, Gabriele, Parag

---++ Items
   * Site Admin workshop
      * Tony is going to send out ppt/pdf to the list for his talks

   * GIP 1.2 - what is on our TODO list that's not done yet?
      * Multiple VO-centric grid3-locations.txt -- Brian sent out a proposal
      * Finalization changes to config.ini -- fix screwed up parameter names
      * Incremental updates post 1.2
         * MPI work from CEMon folks (last known: Andrew Howard from Purdue working on scheme) / BH will check with Mats on the status?
         * Advertisement of WS-GRAM
         * dCache 1.9's Information Provider

   * GIP 1.0.5 testing: Suchandra will check with Jeff on testing and Tony will test the output
   * EstimatedResponseTime plugin - one file to drop into a directory.  Will cut a 1.0.6 with it soon.

   * CEMon/ReSS: multiple information sources per site
      * Tony is talking with GOC running extra instance of BDII for ReSS to treat as master copy.
      * Tony will provide queries to pull out info for a single CE (which he'll talk to Burt about)

---++ Next Meeting Friday Nov 21, 1 pm CDT

-- Main.BurtHolzman - 07 Nov 2008
