%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985939" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---++ GIP Meeting
   * Attendees: Anand, Burt, Brian, Tony, Suchandra
   * Apologies: Ted

---++ Release versioning
   * Agreement to adopt the OSG version numbers (for now)

---++ OSG 0.8 fixes
   * Currently 0_9_0_rc1 is a snapshot of bug fixes for OSG 0.8.0 plus an experimental storage provider
   * Brian will disable the experimental storage provider, merge the one SGE bug fix and retag as 0_8_0_rc1 and we will push to VDT

---++ OSG 1.0 release
   * Featureset:
      * New dynamic storage provider for dCache
      * Configure_gip refactoring
      * VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-to-queue mapping for PBS (config file rather than checking ACLs)

Ted has looked at the new storage provider but could not make the meeting -- Burt will meet with him privately.
There was some discussion on the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo to queue mapping code.  Currently it checks ACLs to determine which queues belong to which VOs -- this may not work at all sites (and this won't
necessarily work for LSF either).  Perhaps we should use the existing GIP PBS code to generate the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo-to-queue-mapping config file that admins can tweak?

---++ OSG 1.2 release
   * Suchandra's changes to configure-osg
   * Much more to be discussed...