Here are the Meeting Minutes for August 31st 2005. Next meeting in three weeks, 21st September 2005, Same Place Same Time


Minutes of storage meeting: 31st August 2005
------------------------------------------

----------------------------
(1) Super Computing 2005 Presentations/Displays(Paul Sheldon/Surya Pathak)

a)Bandwidth Challenge
Abhishek mentioned about SC3 data challenge, between fermi and CERN using SRM-DCache, phedex. The data display should be discussed
under the banner of montoring services for OSG and probably should be done 

b)Integerating a SE and CE element: UCSD has succeeded, in integerating a CE and SE in an implicit way.
Abhishek will be willing to do a talk. 

d)Interoperabililty between various Storage Elements (SRM-Dcache, DRM, LStore, ....)
Vanderbilt presented the idea of a abstact grid ftp server. Paul extended the idea of coming up with a OSG version of a standardized specification
for doing data transfer so that it can support multiple underlying technology.   


----------------------------
(2) J-Lab Meeting

 
a) Agenda

(Andy)OSG Plans for Storage, go through preproposals and convert them to fromal proposals. Paul pointed out that application developer do not provide 
enough used cases. Andy points out, that standardization is a big issue. Alex points out that the behavior of the SRM standard needs to be standardized.
There is a plan of discussing this issue in the JLab meeting.

Paul and Andy, suggested that a agenda for day 1 needs to be developed.

Dynamic registration of SRM needs to be done. A component needs to be developed. Alex is going to lead the discussion.

Abhishek brought up the point, that the output of the OSG meeting should go in as a input into the SRM meeting.

Minimum requirement for an OSG SE needs to be established.

Need a list of attendees for day 1.Some representatives from the stakeholder community need to be there on the first day. 

