%META:TOPICINFO{author="PhilippeCanal" date="1232709670" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Jan21][Januaryt 21]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

<!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

-->

---+ Gratia
---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi
---+++RSV

---++OSG 

   * From Mine: want VOMS service URLs to be correct in OIM. Can be filled in from vomses file in VO package.
   * FP Remedy interface.
   * 15k jobs in December with records with NULL WallDuration. Probably mostly local. Problem fixed in probe and collector for upcoming release. Question of whether to retrofit existing job level data?

   * Priority of implementing ApplicationExitCode in web interface?

---++WLCG 

---++Fermi/CD

---++Development
---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.


---++Probes

---++Log files and monitoring

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity
