%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1338492262" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+ %WEB% %CALC{"$PROPERSPACE(%TOPIC%)"}%

---++ Attending
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  -->
   * Brian Bockelman
   * Hyunwoo Kim
   * Suchandra Thapa
   * Tanya Levshina
---++  Agenda:
Agenda:
   1. Status of the Jira tickets related to pbs-lsf probes (Suchnadra) 
      * https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-47
      * https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-49
      * https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-50
   1.  Status of the Jira tickets related to database schema/summary procedure changes (John)
      * https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-59
      * https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-31
   1.  Proposal for the first gratia-reporting rpm package (Tanya) 
      * https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-14
   1. Need more input on the ticket: https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/GRATIA-46 (Steve and Brian).
   1. AOB.
 
---++ First agenda item
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
---+++ Discussion




-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 31 May 2012