%META:TOPICINFO{author="PhilippeCanal" date="1234198710" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2009Feb04][February 04]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

<!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

-->

---+ Gratia

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi
---+++RSV

---++OSG 

---++WLCG 

---++Fermi/CD

---++Development

---+++VO / Site reports and related OIM upgrades.

---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:

---+ Log Files and Monitoring Activity

   * Who should coordinate request for access to OSG logs? and how?

It is up to the sites to decide whether they will allow logs to be accessed. The OSG privacy policy guides what OSG can do - https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=741&version=12&filename=PrivacyPolicy_v3.9.pdf

