%META:TOPICINFO{author="PhilippeCanal" date="1210803071" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Apr9][April 9]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * Igor Mandrichenko.
   * Keith Chadwick.

<!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

-->

---++Action items from previous meeting:

Steve: We have placed the req for extra disk and console controller for the Gratia Hardware

Steve: I still need to work-out the plan for long term storage of the historical data.

---++v0.34 release status

John W.: Release cut and sent to vdt in time for 1.10.1.  We are ready to start installing on the production server.

Chris: I was hoping to use a 'production' version of the APR (Apache Portable Runtime) library but it is conflicting with the authentication libraries.

Philippe: Thanks to John, Chris, Jeff and Penelope for all the efforts in testing and fixing the release.

John W: I am hoping to start the installing tomorrow.

Igor: I am here to make sure that all work is being directed toward the FermiGrid supportable release of Gratia.

---++DB and Schema issues

Philippe: We need to enhance our documentation for adding new schema to the OSG Collector machine.

Steve: If we could use an extra 5K, we could replace one of the collector machines.

Diana: Who do I contact to get data back from TIBS

Steve: You need to put in an helpdesk ticket telling what to retrieve and where to retrieve it back.

---++WLCG/OSG Issues

Brian: John and I are making progress in getting the correct normalization factor for the ATLAS sites.

Steve: Fermi has the source for the SI2K test suites and we could run it ourself.

Philippe:  Well the problem is that the number obtain is not really meaningful for physics code.

John W: Currently the numbers are maintained manually, we are trying to move to an automated way via GIP
(well actually this move the manual steps towards the Site admin).

Brian: We are starting to upload VO summary data into the Gratia daily databases.  The goal is to be able to compare the data quality.  

Igor: This service is not in the requirement document, is it?

Brian: It might not be explicitly there, I shall consult OSG and check whether this is a required service and modify the OSG req doc
accordingly.

---++Report development

---++Collector

---++Probes

---++Test Bed

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later