%META:TOPICINFO{author="PhilippeCanal" date="1228924432" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="Minutes2008Dec17"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Dec03][December 03]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA.

<!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

-->

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Release Status

---++Services Operation

---+++OSG/Fermi
   * DZero and Unknowns.
---+++RSV
   * Gratia RSV Probe.
   * RSV Collector Upgrade.
---++OSG 
   * new probe version reports.
   * Should we deprecated (i.e. no longer support) some older probe release?
   * Validation?
   * Ian Stokes' questions about jobs success.
   * Job Monitoring (help from BNL)

---++Oustanding tickets
   * Gratia problem with nanoHUB ISSUE=5986 PROJ=71
---++WLCG 

---++Fermi/CD

---++Development
   * VO Reports?
   * Horst Request?
---++Probes

---++Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later: