%META:TOPICINFO{author="PhilippeCanal" date="1279806819" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%

---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010Jul21][July 21]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

TBA

<!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

-->

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

"I would like to add as a "TODO" for the next Gratia meeting to provide guidance (from the Gratia developer) to OSG about what metrics we could monitor (maybe the queue size?) which would give us an indication of the health of the collectors."


---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Probe.


---++Report Extensions(Karthik).

---++ Transition

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later: