%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985922" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesApr16][April 16]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Monday at 3:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * TBA: Main.PenelopeConstanta Main.ChrisGreen Main.PhilippeCanal
   * Apologies: Main.JeffreyMack Main.JohnUrish, Main.JohnWeigand

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++Gratia Production System Transition

Chris: cd-psg2 is physically moving tomorrow and its name will be aliases to the server.

Chris; We still need to improve on our deployment scripts to make it trivial on the admins.

---++Collector

---++Report development

Penelope: I wrote with Jeff a first draft of developer implementation plan documents for the upgrade to the newer version of BIRT.

Philippe:  We need to also start asap a "document" gathering the use case and user requirement document.  Please remember that
we have 2 sets of users.   One are the OSG folks, the other are the Computing Division management.

Jeff: I am nearly done with this report release which included proper drill though from VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo to Site and from Site to VO.
I am still want to do a little more testing.

---++Probes

Philippe: We need to start pushing for install the psacct probe.

Chris: let's review one last time, the psacct probe.  And we probably need first to get ngop to start reporting
on the status of the probes.

---++Any Other Business