%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985922" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2008Sep17][September 17th]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 1:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * Keith Chadwick.
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].

<!--

   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

-->

---++Action items from previous meeting:

---++v0.38 Release Status.

   * Discovered a problem with build-sumary-view.sql, invoked for new collectors. Comments not marked properly (--- vs --).
      * Chris mysql client version? I haven't seen this and I'm sure I've used it before.
      * John: will check.

   * Probes released. Problems discovered in Gratia.py. Fixed. Re-released. 

---++v1.00 Release Status

   * Provisionally set for October 15.

---++DB and Schema issues

   * ZRM v2 installed. Features compress-on-the-fly. ZRM perl script altered to add "--complete-insert" option to mysqldump to add column names to insert statements.
   * Investigation into running ZRM as non-root (UNIX) user -- feasible with permission changes to /etc/mysql-zrm adnd /var/log/mysql-zrm.
   * Diana asked about the possibility of adding the DBA group to the ZRM emails -- Chris will investigate ZRM configuration as opposed to adding DB group to gratia-root, which is not desirable.

---++OSG Issues

   * Working with OIM to get all site associations in site -> Tier 2 federation.
   * Question: how (if) OIM is being used for Gratia site names.
      * Chris: I think it's being used but only in the cross-check email.
   * Question: possibility of using OIM for VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo translations -- esp. capitalization.
      * Chris: can be done on an ad hoc operational basis to edit VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo translation table.

---++WLCG

   * This month's reports from QLCG will be late due to vacations.

---++ Operational news

   * Engage site name translation change.
      * John needs to be made aware of these changes in case they impact WLCG reporting.
      * Dan: can these changes be automagic?
      * Chris & John: possibly; would need to move information from txt file to DB and have triggers to detect changes.

---++Services


---++Reports

   * Penelope: gratiax21:8880 now has reports using only two stored procedures.
      * Working on multi-select.
      * PS-accounting reports to be fixed to used stored procedure.
      * Need help on ranked queries.
      * Problem with current production reports: one or two drillthroughs aren't selecting the right data. Problem does not exist in new reports.

---++Test Bed

---++Any Other Business

   * Trouble with sourceforge CVS access today. Still not fixed as of 14:10 CDT.

---++To be discussed later:

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 01 Oct 2008