%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1176157890" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

[Note: these minutes are currently sketchy due to my own time constraints today. Expect complete minutes tomorrow morning.]

---++Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[MinutesApr02][April 2]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Monday at 3:30pm CST/CDT, 1-510-665-5437 and use the meeting ID: 2966. 

---++Attending
   * Main.PenelopeConstanta, Main.ChrisGreen, John Urish, Main.JohnWeigand.
   * Apologies: Main.PhilippeCanal, Jeff Mack

---++Action items from previous meeting:
<dl>
<dt>Chris</dt>
<dd>
  <ul>
    <li>Produce a well tested procedure for obtaining a good version of tomcat and loading a known release of the Gratia collector software;
      <ul>
        <li>Still in progress due to difficulties with configuration: see below.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Try to ascertain if anyone is still trying to access the collectors by their non-generic names.
      <ul>
        <li>Turns out not to be possible: collector knows nothing about the DNS name used to contact it.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</dd>
<dt>Steve</dt>
<dd>
  <ul>
    <li>Install mysql on gratia07.
      <ul>
         <li>Decided to hotcopy to a safe partition on gratia06 -- see below.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Investigate mysqlhotcopy and come up with a data migration plan from cd-psg6 to gratia07 and back to gratia06.
      <ul>
         <li>Decided to hotcopy to a safe partition on gratia06 -- see below.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Test and OK and implement Chris' procedure for tomcat and collector load on gratia08 and gratia09.
      <ul>
         <li>Deferred -- see below.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</dd>
</dl>

---++Upgrades

   * Chris
      * Following discussions with Steve Timm, upgrades tomorrow will consist of moving the development machines and upgrading cd-psg6's disk and renaming it. The collector moves to gratia08 and gratia09 will take place Tuesday 2007/04/17.
      * Main reason for doing this is that the DB downtime can be restricted to an hour, while keeping the collectors up. Next week, the collectors can be switched over with very little downtime at all provided they have been installed and tested in advance.
      * In addition, I have been unable to complete the collector install procedure due to configuration complications: however, the extra week should be plenty of time to have something done and tested.

---++Collector/Report development

   * Penelope
      * Many problems this week fitting into two categories:
         * Trying to start a new collector: multiple places to configure things, sometimes the same thing, and at least one case of entries in one file being ignored in favor of entries in another file.
            * Chris: I've been finding the same thing.
            * Penelope & John W: we need a configure script.
            * Chris: stipulated. Working on it (or something like it in the short term).
            * Some details:
               * =startup.sh= needs to be customized in addition to (and compatibly with) =server.xml= and =/etc/rc.d/init.d/tomcat-gratia= or equivalent.
               * =gratia/service.configuration.properties= also has lots of things to configure, some of which need to be consistent with the above files.
               * Some entries in =gratia/service.configuration.properties= are ignored in favor of entries in =gratia-report-configuration/Report.xml=.
         * Problems with =viewer.jsp= and the way reports are handled within the collector (and interactions with BIRT). As mentioned last week, reports are cumbersome to create in the extreme right now, and include code on the server side (ie not in the report design file) customized to each report. Also many browser-specific peculiarities. We need to take a step back, and consider requirements, use cases and a design for what we want the reporting engine to be able to do, and then do it. Incidentally, BIRT's viewer is better than ours, and may just do everything we could want of it.
            * Chris, John: agree.
      * Finally we need to do sometihng about cleanup of temporary files in directories =temp_custom=, =temp_html= and =temp_csv=.
         * Chris: We can call =tmpwatch= from somewhere within the server code or as a cron job (maybe =cron.daily=).
      
---++Probes
   * Chris (after meeting): more reports from Shreyas on the SGE probe. Still waiting for followup and details of Alan Sill's and Horst's problem(s). Still need to test several things about the XML parsing before cutting a release.

---++Storage Probe
   * No news this week.

---++Any Other Business


-- Main.ChrisGreen - 09 Apr 2007