%META:TOPICINFO{author="PhilippeCanal" date="1285183205" format="1.1" reprev="1.11" version="1.11"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="MeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction

Minutes of Gratia meeting
   * Last meeting: [[Minutes2010May19][May 19]]
   * Previous meetings: MeetingMinutes
   * Coordinates: Wednesday at 2:00pm CST/CDT, 1-866-740-1260 and use the meeting Iaccess code: 3356259. 

---++Attending

TBA

<!--

   * [[Main.PhilippeCanal][Philippe Canal]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JohnWeigand][John Weigand]].
   * [[Main.RuthPordes][Ruth Pordes]].
   * [[Main.DanYocum][Dan Yocum]].
   * [[Main.MineAltunay][Mine Altunay]]
   * [[Main.BrianBockelman][Brian Bockelman]]
   * [[][]]

---++Apologies
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].
   * Diana Bonham.
   * [[Main.PenelopeConstanta][Penelope Constanta]].
   * [[Main.ChrisGreen][Chris Green]].
   * [[Main.JeffreyMack][Jeff Mack]].
   * [[Main.StevenTimm][Steve Timm]].
   * John Urish.
   * Margherita Vittone.
   * [[mailto:karunach@nhn.ou.edu][Karthik Arunachalam]].

-->

---+Action items from previous meeting:

---+Release Status

---+Services Operation

---++OSG/Fermi

---++RSV

---+OSG Issues

---+WLCG 

---+Developments

---++Probe.

---++Report Extensions(Karthik).

---++ Transition

---+Any Other Business

---++To be discussed later:
