%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1378752761" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++ Gratia Project Quarterly Meetings
The goal of Stakeholder/Providers/Contributors meetings is a meeting of  representatives of the gratia users, contributors, core project, and providers to discuss and review the status of the project, the requests for enhancements, establish priorities in the ongoing activity and communicate results. 
This meetings will be held quarterly. The date/time TBD.
   * To join call 1-866-740-1260 and use the meeting access code:8408730#
Participants:
   * US ATLAS - Michael Ernst
   * US CMS - Burt Holzman
   * !FermiLab - Ruth Pordes, Keith Chadwick, Steve Timm, Tanya Levshina
   * OSG User Support - Chander Sehgal
   * OSG Executive Team - Lothar Bauerdick
   * OSG Operation - Rob Quick
   * OSG Production - Dan Fraser
   * OSG Software Team - Tim Cartwright 
   * UNL - David Swanson,  Garhan Attebury, Ashu Guru

  
---++ Create New Meeting Minutes
 <form name="new" action="%SCRIPTURLPATH{edit}%/%WEB%/"> *Create new meeting minutes for this web:* %BR% <input type="text" name="topic" value="StakeholdersMeetingSummary%SERVERTIME{$year$month}%" size="26" /> <input type="hidden" name="templatetopic" value="Accounting.StakehodersMeetingSummaryTemplate" /> <input type="hidden" name="topicparent" value="StakeholdersMeetingMinutes" /> <input type="hidden" name="onlywikiname" value="on" /> <input type="hidden" name="onlynewtopic" value="on" /> <input type="submit" class="twikiSubmit" value="Create" /> </form>

Meeting minutes are named by the year,month on which the meeting occurred.

<!-- This SEARCH will automatically list all Topics with the name "StakeholdersSummary*" in the Accpounting web, so we don't have to update this page all the time. --> 
%SEARCH{search="StakeholdersSummary" excludetopic="MeetingMinutes" scope="topic" order="created" web="Accounting" nonoise="on" format="| [[%WEB%.$topic][$topic]] | _$createdate_ |" header="| *Meeting* | *Created* |"  reverse="on" noheader="off"  }%


2013
   * [[Accounting.StakehodersMeetingSummary2013Sep][Sep 2013]]
   * [[Accounting.StakeholdersMeetingSummary2013Jun][Jun 2013]]
   * [[Accounting.StakeholdersMeetingSummary2013Feb][Feb 2013]]




-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 23 Jan 2013
