%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1392162031" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="StakeholdersMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>Stakeholders Meeting Summary (February 2014)
%TOC%

---+Introduction
The third Quarterly Meeting took place on February , 12th 2014.

---++Attending
   * Lothar Bauerdick 
   * Gerard Bernabeu 
   * Brian  Bockelman  
   * Joe Boyd
   * Tim Cartwright 
   * Michael Ernst 
   * Stuart Fuess 
   * Rob Gardner
   * Gabriele Garzoglio 
   * John Hover
   * Marco Mambelli 
   * Ruth Pordes
   * Chander Sehgal
   * David Swanson 
   * Steven Timm 
   * Margaret Votava 
   * Tanya Levshina
---++Apologies
   * Burt Holzman
   * Rob Quick 
 
---++Agenda
---+++Gratia Status
 [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakehodersMeetingSummary2014Feb/Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting_2014-1.v1.0.pdf][Status Report]]  - Tanya Levshina

---+++ Fermi Scoreboard Project (Survey results) 
 [[%ATTACHURL%/gratia-stakeholders-mm-140212.pdf][Scoreboard survey results]] - Marco Mambelli

---+++ Stakeholder Issues 
---++++Fermi
*Operation*

*dCache Archive Project*

__Dmitry O Litvintsev__ 

On behalf of dCache project at Fermilab, thanks for great support of gratia.

Things that we consider to be useful:
   1. handle new user vo mapping automatically. May be outside the scope of gratia project.
   2. modification for dCache transfer probe bytes transferred by VOs:
      * be able to plot writes and reads
      * be able to plot all/only successful transfers

<img src="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakehodersMeetingSummary2014Feb/Screen_Shot_2014-02-11_at_2.53.11_PM.png"  border="1" alt="dCache" />
   
---++++Nebraska 
From __Brian__:
 Can't think of anything "pressing" for this quarter.
The biggest dev item is the SLURM probe trudging along.  Considering the available effort, it's probably best we keep at just that for a quarter.

---++++OSG
   1. OSG Accounting (__Chander__)
      * !CampusGrid jobs submitted from or flocking to  osg-xsede submission node (doesn't include XD jobs) since 2014/1/1:
|*CampusGrid*|*VOName*|*Wall Hours*|
| OSG-XSEDE  | osg                     |1,717,008.1| 
| OSGCONNECT | OSG-Connect |   343,901.0| 
| Bakerlab   | !BakerLab                 |     92,147.6| 
| ISI        | osg                                |          443.3| 
      * XD jobs submitted from or flocking to  osg-xsede submission node  since 2014/1/1
|*CampusGrid*|*VOName*|*Wall Hours*|
| OSG-XSEDE  | osg |6,508,813.0| 
   1. Gratia & OSG Software
---++++CMS
From __Burt__: We're swamped right now unfortunately with a lot of Tier 1 work
proceeding and a USCMS S&C review. I don't think we'll be presenting or
attending unfortunately -- sorry!

---++++ATLAS




-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 10 Feb 2014

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Screen_Shot_2014-02-11_at_2.53.11_PM.png" attachment="Screen_Shot_2014-02-11_at_2.53.11_PM.png" attr="" comment="Public dCache" date="1392152055" path="Screen Shot 2014-02-11 at 2.53.11 PM.png" size="49833" stream="Screen Shot 2014-02-11 at 2.53.11 PM.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8031" user="TanyaLevshina" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting_2014-1.v1.0.pdf" attachment="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting_2014-1.v1.0.pdf" attr="" comment="Status Report" date="1392162030" path="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting_2014-1.v1.0.pdf" size="219285" stream="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting_2014-1.v1.0.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp18723" user="TanyaLevshina" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="gratia-stakeholders-mm-140212.pdf" attachment="gratia-stakeholders-mm-140212.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1392160480" path="gratia-stakeholders-mm-140212.pdf" size="1108803" stream="gratia-stakeholders-mm-140212.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp14433" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
