%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1361912407" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="StakeholdersMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction
---++Attending
   * Lothar Bauerdick 
   * Brian  Bockelman
   * Tim Cartwright 
   * Keith Chadwick 
   * Stuart Fuess 
   * Gabriele Garzoglio
   * John Hover
   * Burt Holzman 
   * John Hover
   * Ruth Pordes 
   * Chander Sehgal 
   * Steven Timm 
   * Tanya Levshina
---++Agenda
---++ Gratia Status
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakeholdersMeetingSummary2013Feb/Gratia_Report.pdf][Status Report]] - Tanya Levshina
---+++ Discussion
a. gratia as a accounting service for Fermilab 
Tanya: this was one of recommendation of the review. We will need additional efforts for outrach/support if we really want to expand gratia usage at Fermilab.
Stu - There are initial meetings of stakeholders for FIFE (REX dep). I will mention  to them that they should consider gratia for accounting. 

   b. OSG/WLCG accounting reports.

Tanya: John Weigand is not only developer and maintainer of the code. He is running the service, open tickets and in many occasions are helping to resolve them.
We have agreed that this efforts should be moved to GOC

Chander: This is on my list and I will talk to Rob Quick after OGS All-Hands meeting. 
Lothar: I expect that GOC took over service support and communication with APEL team  but his team will not do development.
Burt: I assume we still have to have some development efforts allocated for this
Tanya: I think we should meet with Rob Quick during All-Hands and discuss this issues
   
    c. Campus Grid
Chander:  Tanya needs to contact  Campus Grid team and get accounting requirements from them.  It is very hard to interpret  gratiaweb plots related to Campus Grid.

   d. Storage Accounting
Tanya: Should we worry about new Storage Accounting record formats defined by OGF working group? Are HEP VOs planning to send storage resource utilization for WLCG? 
Lothar & Burt: we are not planning to do it for the time being.  There is no immediate need to participate in OGF meetings or modify existing probes. 

  e. Cloud Computing
Keith: Cpu usage accounting is the top priority. The ability to send information to APEL could be beneficial.

  f. GratiaWeb
Tanya: GratiaWeb has a lot of issues. The developer is leaving. The documentation is very limited.
Brian: We are aware of that but currently allocated efforts is 0.1 FTE. It will take time for new developer to come up to speed.
Tanya: 0.1 FTE is not enough for the project under active development. OSG should be aware of that. We have retired BIRT reporting so GratiaWeb is the only mean to access gratia.

 g. Testing
 Tim: OSG Team has a testing framework and we should include gratia into this framework but it will be still very limited set of tests
 Brian:  Tanya should resurrect "Nightly Built and Testing", also each probe should come with its own sanity/regression tests

 h. Future work
Tanya:  What is the status of Nebraska request to report/collect memory utilization? 
Brian: We still are planning to do it when we have find efforts. It is frozen for now.

Chander: What are plans for core gratia development?
Tanya:  We have two immediate  tasks: testing gratia with OpenJDK7 and new Hibernate version
Brian: Be aware that moving to a new Hibernate version is not straight forward.   C. Green has documented it somewhere and they have various problems with previous version.

---++ New Action items
   1. Gratia Team Lead:
      * meet with Chander/Rob Quick to discuss OSG/WLCG reporting transition
      * initiate discussion with Campus Grid to understand thier requirements 
      * talk to Tim to better understand OSG Test framework 
      * figure out potential problems with Hibernate release
 
    1. OSG:
      * Chander will orginize meeting with Rob Quick
      * Tim will check the results of PBS/SGE probe and bdii-status probe testing
      * Brian/Chander should be aware of GratiaWeb lack of efforts and abandance of issues. 
-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 23 Jan 2013

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Gratia_Report.pdf" attachment="Gratia_Report.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1361754569" path="Gratia_Report.pdf" size="324556" stream="Gratia_Report.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp17839" user="TanyaLevshina" version="1"}%
