%META:TOPICINFO{author="TanyaLevshina" date="1371057042" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="StakeholdersMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!<nop>%TOPIC%
%TOC%

---+Introduction
The second Quarterly Meeting took place on June 12th, 2013.

---++Attending
   * Lothar Bauerdick 
   * Brian  Bockelman
   * Joe Boyd
   * Tim Cartwright 
   * Keith Chadwick 
   * Stuart Fuess 
   * Ruth Pordes
   * Rob Quick 
   * Steven Timm 
   * Tanya Levshina

---++Apologies
   * Gabriele Garzoglio
   * Burt Holzman
   * Chander Sehgal
   * David Swanson 
   * Margaret Votava 
 
---++Agenda
---++ Gratia Status
[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Accounting/StakeholdersMeetingSummary2013Jun/Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting.pdf][Status Report]] - Tanya Levshina
---+++ Stakeholder Issues 
---++++Fermi
*Operation:*
__Steve Timm__: 

Gratia operations issues:
   * Lots of effort spent in dealing with unknown VO records coming from misconfigured sites. OSG software has patches to the probes to "quarantine" these records on the site but  this will only be effective if these misconfigured sites actually update.
   * Need more automation to deal with subtracting back historical records.
   * Server should have a blocking function too. %ICON{tip}% Brian has also agreed that this should be done. Tanya has asked to open a Jira ticket.
   * Several crashes of collector and reporter unexplained, investigating; gratia-reporting email reports malfunctioning quietly from time to time
   * Long delays of Weigand moving APEL-WLCG VM's.

*Accounting Scoreboard:*

__Ruth__:
   * As part of making Accounting/gratia a strategic SCD program and project, I would like to establish a page about Gratia on Fermitools
https://cdcvs.fnal.gov/redmine/projects/fermitools/wiki
   * I would like you to communicate the goals and activities to date of the new web based Fermilab dashboard to the stakeholders in general  - or the Fermilab stakeholder should do this as part of the road table.
   * Also – I would like us to go through the recommendations from the review and see their status/further feeding..

__Stu__:

Accounting needs on GPCF

Background:
GPCF is the "common facility" managed to best provide computing resources. There are several types of resources:
   * Bare Nodes: entire machines dedicated to a single function or user group
   * VM Hosts: platform supporting VMs
   *  Worker Nodes: a computing resource for a small local batch system
   *  VMs: virtual machines dedicated to a single function or user group

For this set of machines, the matrix of desired accounting information
follows.  Note that some items listed are "configuration properties" of
the machine as opposed to "metrics", but are useful to collect metrics
of similarly purposed machines.


|*Metric*|*Bare Nodes*|*VM Hosts*|*Worker Nodes*|*VMs*|
|Authorized user groups|X||||
|Available CPU resources|X |X|X|X|
|Overall CPU usage|X|X|X|X|
|Per user CPU usage|X||X|X|
|Overall active VMs||X|||
|Per group active VMs||X|||
|Per VM CPU usage||X|||
This is basically psacct information, with a few pieces requiring
interaction with the VM host system.
Ideally additional information on memory utilization and I/O would
be useful, but may not be practical to obtain.

---++++Nebraska 
__David Swanson__, __Brian Bockelman__:
   1. if we can simplify gratia and increase it's reliability/maintainability, I would support that! %ICON{tip}% Brian has mentioned that gratia needs to be restarted from time time
   1. We're moving to SLURM more pervasively, so support for it (we've contributed a probe) is important to HCC. %ICON{tip}%  Tanya has asked for test cases for SLURM. Tim said that OSG Software will have a common place that should be used for test case description.
   1. Also, we are interested in utilizing !ProjectName to track particular funded projects.  I believe that's on us -- the hooks are all there.  I am not sure if it's straightforward to utilize it via SLURM -- perhaps, however, that too is on us. (!) 
   1, Is gratia-reporting used?  If not, can it be retired?
   1. A simplified PBS probe would be nice, but HCC is eliminated PBS.  Condo of condos is rumored to be using PBS Pro, however -- perhaps worth revising this. %ICON{tip}% Brian, Tanya: current probe needs to be rewritten. Tim has agreed that it should be OSG Software team responsibility but he would decide to whom it should be assigned (Suchandra? Mat?)
   1. We're still interested in non-CPU metrics -- I have to check how viable RAM and storage accounting is, and whether it's on us or ... 

%ICON{tip}% Brain said that he is evaluating gratiaweb progress every week with a new developer and asked for the list of gratiaweb tickets with assigned priority. 
---++++OSG
 %ICON{tip}% Lothar wants to have a separate meeting to discuss Science Field inclusion requirement and design (see Status Report). Tanya will organize the meeting (Chander, Rob Quick, Lothar, Brian?... should attend).  

%ICON{tip}% Tim will find somebody who can review gratia testing implementation in osg testing framework.
---++++CMS
---++++ATLAS


-- Main.TanyaLevshina - 23 Jan 2013

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting.pdf" attachment="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1371004503" path="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting.pdf" size="162149" stream="Status_Report_Gratia_QuarterlyMeeting.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp13936" user="TanyaLevshina" version="2"}%
