	Meeting Discussing Technical Details and Planning for Modular Dashboard
	=======================================================================

September 7, 2012 from 9-11 AM

Attending: Scott Teige/OSG, Andy Lake/ESnet, Hiro Ito/BNL, Rob Quick/OSG, Jason Zurawski/Internet2, Aaron Brown/Internet2, Soichi Hayashi/OSG, Kavitha Kumar/Internet2, Michael Ohare/Wisc, Nils Jacobson/Internet2, Tom Wlodek/BNL, Gabriele Garzoglio/FNAL, Phil Demar/FNAL, Parag Mhashilkar/FNAL, Shawn McKee/OSG, Perry Brunelle/Wisc

Agenda: 
	1) Tom Wlodek presents on current status
	2) Discussion about issues identified in the presentation and questions
	3) Next steps

Presentation from Tom:

	Gabriele asked about how programs would access data on slide 4.  Tom answered "User" means programs, users, etc.

	Parag asked about the building blocks on slide 6.  What are the minimum number of clients we can support? 

	Gabriele pointed out that future modules may increase the demand on the User API.

	Discussion about network analysis module?
	
	Need a subscription service (callbacks) with "events" ? 

		*Form subscription subgroup* 

	User management on slide 18.  Use OSG/VOMS ?  *Need subgroup*

	How do we prioritize?     

Lot's of discussions I was unable to capture :(

At the end of the call we arrived at the following focus groups with some initial membership:

Focus groups:
	1) Subscription service for "events" and alarming - Shawn, Scott, Soichi
	2) User authorization/authentication - Parag, Tom
	3) Status Display or GUI? - Soichi, Andy, Tom
	4) User API and higher lever - Gabriele, Soichi
	5) Operations - Perry, Scott 

Need a central location for the information.   OSG Wiki on Networking?

Meeting ended at 11:01 AM Eastern.

Shawn created this area:  https://www.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Documentation/NetworkingModularDashboard  

It will need filling out, edits and additions.  Comments and suggestions welcome.	

	

  