%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985953" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHomeOld"}%
---++ Agenda
   * Information services  session for the upcoming OSG consortium meeting.

---++ Minutes
   * Attending: Gabriele, Conrad, Laura, Shaowen, John Roschek, Anand, Marco
   * Resource selection, CEMon discussed: problem with Condor classads, Shaowen 
   * tests CEMon to advertise cluster, causes segfaults in Condor 
   * Trying to hook up schedd into resource selection system: some problems with schedd, probably just configuration.

   * Gabriele for Glue schema: 1) use cases in OSG where VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo view overrides attributes defined globally. CMSprod has no maximum wall clock time . 2) Shaowen sent e-mail on CE/SE binding: more technological discussion than for the Glue schema, GIP configuration issue.How do we want SE/CE binding to be specified - will discuss at Seattle.
   * Shaowen: summarised CE/SE binding, requirements for configuring GIP, agree that it's mostly a configuration discussion.
   * Plan for Glue schema 1.3 implementation and population through GIP.

   * Gabriele: How do we proceed with coming up with a proposal for CE/SE binding. Marco will come up with proposal for meeting. Shaowen will help if more information is needed.
   * Marco: how to collaborate on ideas for Glue schema? E-mail, then wiki page for summary as prelude to more formal proposal. Gabriele will act as editor.
   * Link to agenda at Seattle meeting at http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/InformationServices/InfoServicesSessionAgenda.
   


-- Main.ConradSteenberg - 14 Aug 2006