%META:TOPICINFO{author="DougOlson" date="1159479065" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 29 Sept 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending

Leigh, Alain, Mike, Doug, 

---++ Administrata
Status of SOWs -- Have Leigh and Miron talked to Bakul? Feedback? Torre -- has Bakul contacted you yet?

Leigh to talk with Bakul tomorrow.

---++ Applications
GADU - what is needed to get them back using OSG according to plan -- Mike, we are expecting an email telling us what needs to be done to help them and who will do it or what help they need BEFORE the meeting. 

From Mike:
<verbatim>
Current problems:

- not authorized at all sites
  (will work through Operations channels to increase site pool)
- de-authorized at some sites due to NFS load
  (looking at ways to fix this within GADU and VDS groups
- exceeding RAM limits on worker nodes
  (working to get better measurements of needs and of which RAM limits
  were exceeded)
- long term: need to move to incremental BLAST to reduce workload
  (CompBio group is working on this)

Current plans:

- run full GADU update workload quarterly
- start next update soon - week of oct 2 is desired
- run smaller GADU runs (100+ jobs) 2x per week

Size of planned full-update runs:

- 120K jobs, 2-6 hrs per job
  80K @ 2 hrs
  40K @ 6 hrs
  160K + 240K = 400K hours
- 120K output files
  avg 5MB
  ~ 600GB output 
</verbatim>

---++ 4-6 Slides for SciDAC
Make an outline; comment on the outline Ruth sent round.

---++ VDT priorities update.
Its about 1 month since we went through the [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20060831AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls][VDT priorities]]

 (this is a link.. if it does not show up in your email as such here is the 
url : http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20060831AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VDTWorklistforOSG1.0.xls )

From Alain:
<verbatim>
Ruth gave me the priorities on 11-Sep-2006. Here is the short version:

Priority  Task
          Comments
1         Improve ability to upgrade from one version of the VDT to another
          A great deal of work has be done, more needs to be done.
1         Add Gratia
          Very good progress made, not yet done
2         Add BDII & OpenLDAP
          Some progress on building OpenLDAP
2         About 50 small bug fixes and enhancements
          Will never be done, but progress made
2         VDS
          No progress, waiting for new version from VDS devs
3         Update platforms we build on
          In progress (precursor to OpenLAP and many other tasks)
3         Add dCache to the VDT as an RPM
          Not yet, waiting for discussions with Fermi VDT folks
3         Globus updated for WSGRAM and GT4.0.3
          Move to GT4 in progress. Need patches for GRAM
4         CEMon
          Done
4         Squid
          Mostly done, need some small tweaks
5         Add Globus's Virtual Workspaces (for Edge Services Framework)
          Met with Tim Freeman, we now understand what needs to be done
5         Add VOMRS
          Discussions, but no progrss
5         Support Sun Grid Engine
          No progress
5         Switch from MySQL to MySQL Max
          No progress
5         Upgrade MonaLisa
          No progress (but easy to do at last minute)
5         MDS 4
          No progress, but task undefined
6         Add glexec
          Not done, don't have glexec yet
6         Add grid exerciser
          No progress
7         Add gLite client tools for interoperability
          No progress
8         Add dCache to the VDT as a Pacman package
          Not yet, waiting for discussions with Fermi VDT folks
?         Add script to find missing sanity check edg-mkgridmap
          Defined exactly what needs to be done
?         Add support for WS GRAM
3         Add TclGlobus
          Version 1.3.0 completely in, need to get 1.4.0 in and tested
          before it's finished
?         Add Grid Exerciser to the VDT

One note: in the last month, we also put in a lot of work on the GT4 and VOMS security updates.

-alain 
</verbatim>

---++ AOB.
---+++ VO Registration update
Registration procedure [[Operations.VoRegistrationInstructions][updated]] to factor bureacratic & technical process.

-- Main.RuthPordes - 28 Sep 2006
