%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1163100268" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 26 October 2006
%TOC%

---++ Agenda

d18 11
---+++  Pending Action Items
|Item|Date due | Status|
|Complete Project Plan to Agencies |Dec 1 |   | 
| Ruth with call meeting of VO liaisons operating across OSG and EGEE to tell OSG what they need in terms of gLITE client tools in VDT.| | | 
| Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG | Dec 6th | Miron, Leigh |

---++ Usage and Users Support 
Status of VOs planning Production Runs - status will be posted later. 
   * GADU - production run started on OSG and TG. Dashboards at
http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/gaduvo/gadu_jobs.cgi
http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/sulakhe/cgi-bin/site_selection_new.pl
   * Charmm 
   * Preparing for D0
   * CompBioGrid?
</ins><del>   * [[CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109#DZERO][Preparing for D0]]
   * Other reports? 
a77 8
</ins><del>   * Windward? 
</del><ins>   * Windward? bringing up OSG server and client nodes; new community. Miron, Mike, Ruth, John. What does OSG need to understand to approve the request. Nothing! We are definitely approving them. The discussion is to understand their need and the working together. Matlab licence issues is not. that run a licence free executable. similar problem with lisp. Assign a technical contact person. UCSD (Frank) is the technical contact. LIGO already runs compiled matlab on the OSG.
</ins>
   * GADU - production run started on OSG and TG, see [[http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/gaduvo/gadu_jobs.cgi][job status]] and [[http://compbio.mcs.anl.gov/sulakhe/cgi-bin/site_selection_new.pl][site status]] pages. See also [[CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109#GADU][status report]]
   * Charmm
   * [[CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109#DZERO][Preparing for D0]]
   * !CompBioGrid?
   * Windward? 
Other reports:
   * Combined tables and report update for [[CombinedReportChrisGreen20061109][DES, D0, Fermilab, GADU and SDSS]].
   * [[DESStatusReportNK20061109][DES Report from Nickolai Kouropatkine]]
---++ Resources Management
   * 2 signed by PI, 1 signed by ED, 0 signed by RM, 8 in preparation, 6  with PIs. (total 17) [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/][SOWs]] 
   * Plans for Finance Board meeting , 13th December 1 pm Caltech.
   * Operational Metrics -- discussion
d80 3
---++ Facility 
   * Operations Coordinator biweekly Report -- Leigh

 a) Identifing technical effort to work on EGEE/WLCG/OSG interoperability. 

      The bulk of the policy and procedure development work has been
      in operations and in this management team. It seems there are
      now several technical challenges in the softwawre development
      area, for instanse, SFTs and accounting interoperability. Could a
      plan for meeting these challenges be discussed?

---+++ Users in Multiple VOs issues
   * Recommendations for use and configuration of GUMS

---+++ Security
   * Recommendations as a result of this weeks security alert 

---+++ Update on Integration Worry List --- Rob

1a) Update on Information Distribution  (BDII/CEMON/??)  plan - Leigh

1b) Accounting and Privledge -- Update on ITB discussions with Accounting project; 

2) OSG dashboard-like testing - Leigh

3) Application and fabric best practices

4) CE Storage and OSG SEs

5) Documentation support load

      * TeraGrid - top 5 OSG issues to be posted by meeting
 - Schedule  -- The Project Plan has the release of OSG 0.6.0 at the end of Febuary. This is a high level agency milestone which we are planning to meet.

---++Executive Director 
   * Plans for Executive Board and Blueprint meetings, December 14-15th caltech
   * Status of the project plan
      * Other?
