%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1160678109" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 12 October 2006
%TOC%

---++ Attending
Other agenda items are

---++ D0 resource request
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Re__Acces_to_OSG_resources.txt][DOResourceRequest]]
---++ Feedback on Troubleshooting plan 
   * [[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20061009AgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=OSG_Troubleshooting_Planning_V0.5.doc][Troubleshooting PLanning Document]]
---++ Project Plan 
---++ Status of VORS updates 
---++ Status of SOWs


---++  User group effort
---++  Offline meetings to arrange
   * CDIGS/Globus,
   * FTS/gLite client tools.
   * ?
---++  Offline Meeting Reports 
   * LIGO extensions and VDS report
   * VDT storage management  
   * JOG



-- Main.RuthPordes - 12 Oct 2006
   

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Re__Acces_to_OSG_resources.txt" attachment="Re__Acces_to_OSG_resources.txt" attr="" comment="DOResourceRequest" date="1160677841" path="Re_ Acces to OSG resources.txt" size="4792" stream="Re_ Acces to OSG resources.txt" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
