%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1162502417" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! OSG Executive Team Meeting 26 October 2006
%TOC%

---++ Agenda

---+++  Pending Action Items (new item to be started this week)
|Item|Date due | Status|
|Complete Project Plan to Agencies |Dec 1 | Draft available before the meeting | 

---+++ Status of VOs planning Production Runs - report next week
---+++ Review and status of Plans, SOWs and Subcontracts - Kent, Miron
   * 1 signed by PI, 1 signed by ED, 2 signed by RM, 7 in preparation, 6  with PIs. (total 17)
[[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/][SOWs]] 
   * Status of the project plan.

---+++ OSG 0.6.0 Release status
   * VDT release stats - status to be posted by meeting.
   * Integration Worry List --- Rob
 
1a) We do not have a clear plan for an information system
Yes, we have BDII now, but its practical implementation is unclear:
 - schema attributes are not well defined
 - site-level configuration issues, interplay with CEMon
 - no clear guidance on OSG-system-wide configuration
 - or for VO-specific information systems, and interop with LCG, TG
 - no best practice utilities for applications; still can't answer
   simple questions like what is site x's policy/queue priority
   for my VO
 - introducing CEMon - first as an option - now required?

1b) Accounting and Privledge
Both come from outside projects
 - ML accounting cumbersome, incomplete, inconsistent
 - Gratia accounting - ?
 - GUMS support, config

2) OSG dashboard-like testing
 - site-verify.sh, gridcat, deprecated acdc-dashboard, vors:  a real mix
  here, in transition
 - need resources to produce a clear winner that will be suitable for
  site admins and app developers

3) Application and fabric best practices
 - NFSlite work done as a contributed effort for condor scheduler
for a worthy problem (removing requirement for a NFS shared
filesystem) but no effort for PBS nor a rigorous review of this
option.  But no alternative either.
- Since OSG sites are quite heterogenous, not only the resources,
behind but the site-specific deployment styles (site level differences
not advertised) app developers have a tough go and on the flip
side easily abuse a site's resources.

4) CE Storage and OSG SEs
- management of job and multi-job local storage:
   > differences in sites: nfs-shared vs srm-dcache only options
   > job-level protocol to use
   > staging preference
   > how are VOs allowed to use this storage
   > management of worker-node storage
      --- local scratch abuse, debris

5) Documentation support load
 - the ITB group is being asked to ready documentation that was once done
by the Provisioning activity - that is, preparing deployment-quality
documentation

6) Process
 - Schedule - we've not been using a rigorous schedule with a deadline,
  but creating ITB releases based on VDT releases with the rough
  but indefinite goal of "0.6.0".
 - Priorities for services


d156 2
---+++ Partnership Issues 
   * EGEE - report from discussion with EGEE management on VOMS/VOMRS
   * TeraGrid - top 5 OSG issues to be posted by meeting
   * Other?

---+++ AOB
   * NERSC allocation - how to allocate VO use
   * OISE Copenhagen meeting - any issues? 
   * Operations Coordinator Report -- Leigh
1) Engagement VO status:

     The vo addition process includes showing up at the Monday 
     Operations meeting to represent the new VO. This week
     no one from the Egagement VO attended, so this will be
     rescheduled for next week. SOP ref:

[[http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/SOPVoRegistration-v3][SOPVORegistration]]

  2) Support Center Attendance table.

    The operations meetings should be attended by Support Centers
    esp. when they have open tickets. To give more visibility to
    this I gathered the data since Sept 11 2006 on SC attendance for
    review.

http://osg.ivdgl.org/twiki/bin/view/Operations/AttendanceStats1006

  3) Identifing technical effort to work on EGEE/WLCG/OSG interoperability. 

      The bulk of the policy and procedure development work has been
      in operations and in this management team. It seems there are
      now several technical challenges in the softwawre development
      area, for instanse, SFTs and accounting interoperability. Could a
      plan for meeting these challenges be discussed?

 Lastly, I would like to ask that this team decide if IU GOC is a partner 
 or not, as Katie seems to suggest that we are not, but then she was
 also mistaken about the Council membership for the IU GOC.
 It is my understanding that the IU GOC became and OSG partner last 
 year with the Council membership.  Additionally, IU has funded 50% of 
 OSG Operations activies for the past 2 years outside of iVDGL funding. 

Clarification from Ruth: I talked to Marcia and she is adding iGOC as we speak to the partners list - rather than assuming it is under IU in the members list. We talked a bit about members and partners and Marcia will be looking for some definitions from us as to the difference - from your mail below this seems like it is needed also.





%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4" attachment="VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4" attr="" comment="VDT Worklist for OSG 1.0" date="1162506184" path="VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4" size="35840" stream="VDTWorklistforOSG1.0-v4" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
