%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1210797581" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%

Action Items from  April 6th :
<p>
  [[Management.WebHome][Back to Management Page]]

<p>
---++Minutes and Action Items
Ruth, Miron, Albert

*OSG - !TeraGrid* partnership:  
   1. Attendance and plans for the !TeraGrid 06 conference. May be able to have OSG demonstrations - need to plan for this. 
   2. Security interoperability going well. IGTF met and !TagPMA reviewing CPs. 
   3. Job interoperability. Allocations for !CDF-OSG, !STAR-OSG proceeding. Other interoperability with in the context of the GIN - Grid Interoperability Now - project. 
   4. Grid Summer School. Scott looking to see if !TeraGrid effort available to participate in this. advertise to students. Interest shown by educators - may have a second session for this.


*OSG - EGEE* work for WLCG : 

   1. Project for satisfying Fermilab site security for Pilot/Glidein jobs will be collaboration between JRA1/Nikhef/Fermilab/Wisconsin. Current technical design is to interface GLEXEC with OSG security services - GUMS, Prima, site security - SAZ, and use CDF !GlideCAF as the first end to end implementation. 
   2. WLCG VO Boxes. Agreement that WLCG Tier-1 sites will deploy them. Middleware will be developed to obviate their need. What interoperability/consistency with OSG services is needed? Should we work together with EGEE on this? 
   3. WLCG may require Outward connectivity for WNs. Know this is an issue for OSG. Need an OSG Technical Discussion.
   4. Accounting. ATLAS using APEL accounting on IU, !UofC Tier-2s. Removal of OSG sites from EGEE-GOCDB breaks this. Agreement at ET++ face to face that we have a clear interface to EGEE from OSG information and testing services. APEL accounting does not yet completely support Condor as the local batch system. Discussion at gLITE meeting that EGEE will supply PBS, LSF meters for OSG Grid accounting project; Wisconsin will provide OSG Condor meter for EGEE. What is the status of OSG Accounting project? Goal is to deploy in OSG 0.6.0. Philippe/Razvan discussing deployment of pre-release at BNL Tier-1 in 2 weeks. 2 people have left the project - Sudhir, Matteo. 2 people have joined the project - Penelope, Tim. Both had to get up to speed on grids/VDT/accounting etc.  Proposal for working deployment meeting at Wisconsin after Condor week. What is OSG policy on publishing OSG accounting information to EGEE and WLCG - different from US ATLAS/US CMS policies for this of course. 
   5. WLCG and EGEE upgrade to current VDT version. Issues with GridFTP and lcas/lcpmaps callouts compared to prima/gums needs to be clearly understood.
   6. Publishing OSG sites to WLCG BDII-RBs by publishing a web page with OSG BDII urls. WLCG reads web page from EGEE and OSG and concatenates them for the WLCG BDII which is read by the Resource Brokers.


*Support Center Face to Face meeting.* Indiana. 16-17th May
[[http://www.grid.iu.edu/news/news.php?id=8][Mail]] send to osg-operations etc. need all Support Center 
contacts to attend. 

*Joint operations meeting* between OSG and EGEE will be 19-20th June at CERN. Please talk to Leigh if you can attend!

*MOU* - Bill, Albert talking to Caltech administration. Ruth to send round new draft for Tuesdays Council meeting. 

<Table Border=1>
<TR>
<TH>Date </TH>
<TH>Who</TH>
<TH>What</TH>
<TH>Comment</TH>
<TH>Done</TH>
</TR>


<TR>
<TD>3/23/2006 </TD> <TD> Ruth </TD> <TD>Fabric and Site issues. Get these a coordinator and mentor. </TD> <TD> </TD> <TD>  </TD> </TR>

<TR>
<TD>3/23/2006 </TD> <TD> Don, Ruth </TD> <TD> Security Plan update, risk analysis  </TD> <TD> Irwin to train ET + Facility Coordinators April 20th </TD> <TD>  </TD> </TR>


<TR>
<TD>3/23/2006 </TD> <TD> Alain, Frank, Leigh </TD> <TD> Squid in VDT  </TD> <TD>  look at implications for OSG 0.6.0;  </TD> <TD>  </TD> </TR>


<TR>
<TD>3/23/2006 </TD> <TD> Alain </TD> <TD> Maintain list of software support contacts </TD> <TD> Publish URL to operations and OSG organizations  </TD> <TD>  </TD> </TR>



<TR>

<TR>
<TD>3/16/2006 </TD> <TD> Ruth </TD> <TD> understand how to get contributions from storage technical group to integration activity </TD> <TD> </TD> <TD>  </TD> </TR>

<TR>
<TD>3/16/2006 </TD> <TD> Doug Olson </TD> <TD> Implement OSG RA </TD> <TD> On target for May 1 </TD> <TD>  </TD> </TR>
<TR>

<TD>3/16/2006 </TD> <TD> </TD> <TD> Missing effort testing WS in release, WS-GRAM is installed by default but
no testing, need well defined install sequence verified next Wednesday (3/22)
ACDC, Gridcat & SFT test GridFTP so need something for WS-GRAM,
and how-to-start/configure/use guide. </TD> <TD> Waiting for success in 3500 job test between Globus/UNL.  Then will revise readiness plan, document recommended configuration etc </TD> <TD>  </TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>2/9/2006</TD>

<TD>Ruth Pordes</TD>
<TD>Update for next meeting D0- What are OSG jobs?  who wants run. </TD>
<TD>D0 ramping up use of UNL, Purdue. Propose a face to face when Miron is at Fermilab.</TD>
<TD>Done</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>2/9/2006</TD>
<TD>Frank Wuerthwein</TD>
<TD>Update for next meeting CDF  - What are OSG jobs?  who wants run. </TD>
<TD><BR></TD>
<TD>Done</TD>

</TR>
<TR>
<TD>2/9/2006</TD>
<TD>Mike Wilde</TD>
<TD>Update for next meeting GADU  - What are OSG jobs?  who wants run. </TD>
<TD><BR></TD>
<TD><BR></TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>2/9/2006</TD>
<TD>Frank Wuerthwein, Ruth Pordes</TD>
<TD>Users web pages with this information in for our planning </TD>
<TD>After Chep.</TD>
<TD><BR></TD>
</TR>
<TR>

<TD>2/9/2006</TD>
<TD>Leigh Grundhoefer</TD>
<TD>State of CDF authorization? How do we know? Matthew runs a script to tell us which sites he can run on. VO support matrix - querying gridmapfile or reverse mapfile. http://osg.ccr.buffalo.edu/statistics/acdc/vo_support_matrix.php<BR>Debug the matrix? Operations(LG) to suggest a solution.</TD>
<TD><BR></TD>
<TD>Done</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>2/9/2006</TD>
<TD>Mike Wilde</TD>
<TD>Start the 2006 phone meetings. Will call a phone meeting of Beverly Berger, Randy Ruchti, Paul, Ruth, Miron, Miriam, Alan Blatecky, to discuss funding options </TD>

<TD><BR></TD>
<TD><BR></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>2/9/2006</TD>
<TD>Mike Wilde, Ruth Pordes</TD>
<TD>have a 1 page summary of proposal for funding to present to agencies by March 1st</TD>
<TD><Obviated by funding from iVDGL</TD>
<TD>Done</TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 Apr 2006