%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1210797582" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting, May 3rd , 2007

%TOC%


Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437
---+ Agenda
Attending: Kent, Alain, RobQ, Chander, Ruth, Anne, RobG, Doug, Miron, Mike
Apologies: Frank, Torre, 

---++ Facility

Campaign to solve "Why Can't I run Here": Campaign pages and forms are in place. Email to OSG@OPENSCIENCEGRID.ORG. Email to OSG Community. Miron owns the campaign at the moment. Checkpoint on the campaign tomorrow. 

Update on VAPP: 1st Probe, scheduling done; meeting with Philippe about using Gratia tomorrow; Meeting with James, Ian, Piotr this past week. Will give them probe code to test in the SAM infrastructure to check they can be reported. Focusing on post-output from the probe and how reporting is done. 6 of the 10 V1 probes are done. EGEE are changing the standard output format still!

How are VOs doing:
   * Engage: Engagement is running successfully but just not reporting correctly.
   * Nanohub/Nanowire: Gerhard and Miron are working on getting Nanohub to run reliably on Grid resources. Miron sending Kevin reports from the nanohub client for the test runs. 500 Nanowire jobs - Wisconsin and Purdue; 5-6 sites. Should show up on Gratia. About 1/2 hour long each. Jamie is submitting the jobs from a Purdue site. Problems with shared file system at Florida -- Renato. Include this in the agency reporting.
   * LIGO reporting issues looks like they may be solved.

---++ EOT

   * International Grid Summer School
   * Interviewing for the EOT hire

---++ Executive Director

   * NSF Annual Report expected 90 days before the funding year ends ie June 1st. 
   * Feedback to the Communicator [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/pub/Management/20070426AgendaMinutes/items_from_communicator.txt][input]]
   * Chep abstract accepted:  Your abstract number 42, titled "The Open Science Grid - Its Status and Implementation Architecture", has been accepted as a oral presentation in the Computer facilities, production grids and networking track.

---++ Resources Managers

Agreements:
| | CEDPS | Sign off on [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000599/001/OSGCEDPS-V4-3.doc][CEDPS-OSG document]]  | Need a discussion of how to determine if the output of the troubleshooting are useful for the Facility. 
| | APAC | Sign off on [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=601&version=1&filename=APACOSGPartnership_V102-1.doc][APAC agreement]] | OK.

Pending Change Control Request:

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Change_Request_%2303-042607.doc][OSG_Change_Request_#03-042607.doc]]: OSG Change Control Request #3 (from Mike Wilde). OK. Approved. Note to get the Change request before the activity happens. 

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Change_Request_%2304-042607.doc][OSG_Change_Request_#04-042607.doc]]: OSG Change Control Request #4 (from Mike Wilde). OK. Approved. Can we term the machines the "mobile campus grid". 

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Change_Request_%2305-042607.doc][OSG_Change_Request_#05-042607.doc]]: OSG Change Control Request #5 (from Mike Wilde). OK. Approved.

Year 2 Planning schedule and WBS:





-- Main.RuthPordes - 02 May 2007

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_#03-042607.doc" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="OSG Change Control Request 03 (from Mike Wilde)" date="1178225286" path="OSG_Change_Request_#03-042607.doc" size="109056" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_#04-042607.doc" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="OSG Change Control Request #4 (from Mike Wilde)" date="1178225334" path="OSG_Change_Request_#04-042607.doc" size="108032" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_#05-042607.doc" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="OSG Change Control Request #5 (from Mike Wilde)" date="1178225364" path="OSG_Change_Request_#05-042607.doc" size="108032" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
