%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1168384261" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting January 5th 2007
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Kent, Paul, Ruth, Miron, Frank


---++  Pending Action Items - tba


---++ Usage and Users Support - 
   Reports and Issues: Torre, Frank, Abhishek, Chris,

---++ Resources Management
    * [[%ATTACHURL%/TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls][TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls]]: tasks that ended by 1/5/07 -- gathering the information of % complete and how do we document completion.

---++ Facility   - not this week

---++ EOT
Update on Grid schools

---++ Extensions
Any update on/issues for meeting March milestone.

---++ From the ED

 Update on Operations and IU
 
 JOT is the 20th February at the URA. Who will attend?

 US LHC S&C Review coming up <br>

 Reports from the Discovery Services workshop:<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/ServiceInfoDiscovery-Summary.txt][Summary]] of the meeting. Laurence Field, Shaowen Wang<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/Trip%20Report%20Workshop%20in%20Service%20Discovery%2C%20by%20USF.pdf][Summary from]]  Anda Iamnitchi<br>
 OSG any Next steps? 

 Plans for Consortium Meeting - discussion of agenda


-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 Jan 2007
  

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" attachment="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" attr="" comment="Tasks that end by Jan 5th 2007" date="1168384164" path="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" size="19968" stream="TasksthatEndbyJan5.xls" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
