%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1177592651" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
<table width="100%">
<tr><td valign="top">
</td>
<td valign="top">
---+ Executive Board Meeting April 26th 2007
</td>
<td valign="top" align="right" width="25%">
%TABLE{ sort="off" dataalign="left" tableborder="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="3" headerbg="#F3EDE7" databg="#F3EDE7"}%


</td></tr></table>

%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%
 Executive Board Meeting Thursday 26th April from 12 noon Chicago time  to 5 pm.

---++ Attendees


Phone/Video Coordinates:

We will be using the ESnet ECS Adhoc bridge.
The number to dial in to connect by video is
88674 for (88OSG) at 348kps.
<br>If you need to dial in by phone only, call 510-883-7860 then enter the
Ad-hoc number 88674 ) followed by the # sign.
<br>for Ad-Hoc instructions for dialing in http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/dialin.htm
<br>or connecting to to view the stream http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/codian.htm

---++External / Contributing Projects:


| 12:00pm | ESNET | Status and issues with the DOEGrids CA, other technical collaboration | 
| 12:15pm | Internet2 | Technical collaboration with OSG. |
| 12:30pm | WLCG - ATLAS  | Are we  meeting the needs and expectations of ATLAS |
| 12:45pm | WLCG - CMS  | Are we  meeting the needs and expectations of CMS |
| 1:00pm | VO Services | plans for Blueprint report and European visit |
| 1:15pm | Accounting | Any possibility of some storage accounting data from the new probes? How are we doing towards correct and complete information from pilot and glide in jobs? |
| 1:30pm | CDIGS/OSG-ITB |  Integration.WSGramValidation status and recommendations of WS-Gram testing and plans for ramping up use on production infrastructure.  Additionally, CEPDS-ITB work on logging:  Integration.SysLogNg (readiness) and Integration.VTBSyslogNG (deployment on VTB for WS-Gram testing) |
| 1:45pm | SRM/dCache  | summary of problems seen on OSG. Follow up to external meeting - status of SRM V2.2 release and ITB readiness plan. |

d47 2
---++ Core OSG


| 2:15pm | Executive Director Report | |
| 2:00pm | Executive Director Report | |
| | Gratia | [[%ATTACHURL%/Gratia-Daily-JobReport.xml][daily report]] |
| | ScIDAC 2007 | [[%ATTACHURL%/update_on_the_SciDAC_2007_Conference_in_Boston,_June_24-29.txt][SciDAC2007 update]] | 
| | Grid Policy | EB sign off on [[https://edms.cern.ch/file/819783/1/GridSiteOperationsPolicy-v1.4.pdf][Grid Site Policy]] |
| | CEDPS | Sign off on [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000599/001/OSGCEDPS-V4-3.doc][CEDPS-OSG document]]  |
| | APAC | Sign off on [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=601&version=1&filename=APACOSGPartnership_V102-1.doc][APAC agreement]] | 
| | CHARMM | [[%ATTACHURL%/Update_on_running_CHARMM_on_the_OSG.txt][CHARMM]] |
| | Security | [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGSecurity.ppt][Brief Status]] |
| | Communications  | [[%ATTACHURL%/items_from_communicator.txt][feedback to items emailed]]  | 
| 2:20pm | Council  | Discussion of Council Feedback and Action Items ||
|  |  | March: Review job completion data and recommend improvements ? EB | 
|  |  | Council Members will send a list of their collaboration meeting that they think would be helpful to have OSG representation |
|  |  | Set up and email list to recruit speakers - that is a super set of ET, Council, EB, and other OSG users. |
|  |  | D0 Issues:  willing to officially recognize OSG.  The council should recommend what they want to have as a credit statement.  Concern is how to determine how much resource can an experiment get. |
| 2:40pm | Extensions | status and issues in Extensions & Applications support |
| 3:00pm | Engagement | Discussion of Engagement Milestone and what is needed to meet it; how we sustain production throughput; |
| 3:15pm | Facility | Report |
| 3:30pm | OSG 0.8.0 | requirements  -- all signed off? |
| | | How do the VDT and OSG requirements differ? How we do organize the expectations, schedule and interaction with the External Projects .e.g SRM V2.2 developers for testing of the software release. | 
| 4:00pm | EOT | International Grid Summer School and Icecube collaboration status and plans | 
| 5:00pm | Operations Issues | MonaLisa and Gridcat deprecation. Are we sure? What replaces all their functionality? |



-- Main.RuthPordes - 23 Apr 2007
d78 1
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-EU-Trip-Goals-04-25-2007.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="" date="1177595887" path="OSG-EU-Trip-Goals-04-25-2007.ppt" size="71680" user="Main.GabrieleGarzoglio" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Gratia-Daily-JobReport.xml" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="gratiadailyreport" date="1177589963" path="Gratia-Daily-JobReport.xml" size="121015" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="update_on_the_SciDAC_2007_Conference_in_Boston,_June_24-29.txt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="SCIDAC2007" date="1177581858" path="update_on_the_SciDAC_2007_Conference_in_Boston,_June_24-29.txt" size="4940" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_ED_EB042607.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="edreport" date="1177608189" path="OSG_ED_EB042607.ppt" size="431616" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="CMS-Services-Issues-070403.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="CMSTop5" date="1177610891" path="CMS-Services-Issues-070403.ppt" size="283136" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGSecurity.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Security.ppt" date="1177563160" path="OSGSecurity.ppt" size="162816" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="srm2.2-update-26042007.pdf" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Status of SRM 2.2 evaluation deployment" date="1177592107" path="srm2.2-update-26042007.pdf" size="185525" user="Main.PatrickFuhrmann" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="items_from_communicator.txt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Items from the Communicator" date="1177562547" path="items_from_communicator.txt" size="2556" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg-eb-4-16-posted.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="Internet2" date="1177603887" path="osg-eb-4-16-posted.ppt" size="79360" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
