%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1325623817" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
 OSG Executive Team Meeting January 5th 2007
%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Kent, Paul, Ruth, Miron, Frank


---++  Pending Action Items
|Item|Date due | Status|
|Plan on Site Functional Information to be exported to WLCG | Dec 6th | Miron, Leigh |
|Define Operational Metrics for Year 1 |	1/1/07 | Miron |
|Release Security Plan |	1/1/07 | Don | Reviewed by EB. Going to Agency and Council |
|Release VDT for OSG 0.6.0	| 12/19/06 | Alain| Released to ITB |


---++ Usage and Users Support - not this week.

---++ Resources Management
   *   [[http://projects.fnal.gov/osg/WBS/mousow/][SOWs]]: 10 signed by PI (Renci, Caltech, Iowa, Chicago, Indiana, ISI, UCSD) , 2 In final review with ML: (Boston, BNL),  4 need review, revising (Wisconsin, LBNL, SLAC, Florida) 

   *  [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/RetrieveFile?docid=523&version=1&filename=OSGChangeControlProcess.doc][OSG Change Control Process]] Draft for comment. 
-- add Institutional PI to the signatures
-- for changes that need to go to the funding agencies- discuss at the Feb JOT
-- Miron accepts Resources Managers agreement.

   *Chander Sehgal started on Monday. He will be phoning people in the next few weeks. First goal is to get arms round spending report.  Title: OSG Resource Management Assistant/Officer/Associate. 

---++ Facility  
   * VDT 1.6.0 release --- issues, comments?
   * Provisioning -- how are we going to do this for OSG 0.6.0?<br>
Documentation effort comes from OSG Docs; Testers of Client are Users Support: Abhishek and Chris; Testers of Site: If we had a site coordinator; Operations will test it also. What about someone in Extensions? what about the Loose Cannons. Frank will get back to us. VDT can coordinate this if there are people to do the work. 

   * STAR troubleshooting -- any issues for other areas of work? 
   * LIGO CA /identity management work.<br>
Security should own the problem. The solution may need some software engineering. Miron will check in Wisconsin for available and appropriate effort. Frank will check his Trash/Extensions effort. 

   * Availability information to WLCG - status; needs of US LHC as in Ian Fisks presentation to EB.
   
---++ EOT
Update on Grid schools

---++ Extensions
Any update on/issues for meeting March milestone.

---++ From the ED
 US LHC S&C Review coming up <br>

 Reports from the Discovery Services workshop:<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/ServiceInfoDiscovery-Summary.txt][Summary]] of the meeting. Laurence Field, Shaowen Wang<br>
 [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/0005/000524/001/Trip%20Report%20Workshop%20in%20Service%20Discovery%2C%20by%20USF.pdf][Summary from]]  Anda Iamnitchi<br>
 OSG any Next steps? 

 Plans for Consortium Meeting - discussion of agenda


-- Main.RuthPordes - 03 Jan 2007