%META:TOPICINFO{author="FkW" date="1178835605" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting, May 3rd , 2007

%TOC%


Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437
---+ Agenda
Attending: 
Apologies: 

---++ Applications / Extensions
   * What do we do about Charmm - Torre, Frank
      * met with Tim Miller in the usergroup meeting this morning. Concluded that he needs to "pump up the volume",
        i.e. increase the submit rate for pilots. Afterwards, Torre taught him how to do this in PANDA, and we'll see
        next week how he's doing.
   * Had first weekly  usergroup meeting for 2 hours this morning. Was very productive. Among the agenda items
      * charmm
      * the campaign
      * user satisfaction survey
      * July user group meeting planning
      * discussion of what we want to achieve with these meetings, etc.. There'll be meeting minutes on the twiki once we
         figured out where exactly to put them.

---++ Facility
   * Any issues from the Campaign?
      * no issues.
   * How is Rosetta doing? 
      * seems to be the same story as with CHARMM, i.e. they need to pump up the volume.
   
---++ Software
   * How far have we gotten after 1 month since the VDT spreadsheet was made? 
Progress has been slower than I would like. I've been talking it over with the VDT team to understand why. A few things slowed us down in the last few weeks.
<pre>
1) The new person on the VDT team has completely replaced the person we previously had, 
but he's still getting up to speed. He's donig well, but tasks are slower for him.
2) Condor Week slowed us down a bit.
3) We've done a lot of support of VDT 1.6.1. Since April 1, 2007, 
we've released 5 updates to VDT 1.6.1. 
Two of them addressed security concerns. Others were mostly smaller bug fixes, 
but they take time to fix, test, and rollout.
4) We've finally made progress on supporting AIX, but there is no interesting milestone yet to report. 
We've gotten the most basic of installations to work on AIX, but they don't yet provide interesting functionality.
5) We've added VOMRS to the VDT (1.6.1 and 1.7.0). This was slightly more work than expected, 
but it was also spread out over a fairly long time.
6) Software builds for VDT 1.7.0 took a long time: there was a lot of software to rebuild 
to support our new platforms (RedHat Enterprise Linux 5, AIX, Mac OS X). They're not hard, 
but they require a fair amount of attention.
7) We've upgraded to a new version of VOMS to get 64-bit support, but it still doesn't work.
8) Syslog-NG is in progress, and will almost certainly be in VDT 1.7.0.
9) We've proposed a method to update CA Certificates automatically into the VDT, 
and have had a large amount of community response. It will take longer than expected 
to sort out the right approach.
10) We've supplied EGEE with new Globus RPMs for a critical bug fix.
11) We've done a fair amount of support (such as questions to vdt-support.)
</pre>

---++ EOT

   * Next Grid School is June 8-10 at UTB. What is needed?
      * In general, nothing that we don't have, except maybe:
         * somebody to take a look on the "intro to OSG" lecture.
         * ask engagement folks to take a look at "running on OSG" lecture.
         * maybe somebody from condor to come? Maybe not necessary this time.
         * could use one additional "lab assistant"
   * making progress on hiring. Got the applications in. Hoping to have somebody hired by end of summer.
   * International Grid School in Sweden
      * underwhelming interest so far. Working on broadening the canvassing.

---++ Executive Director

   * Will attend TeraGrid input meeting.

" workshop at the TeraGrid ?07 Conference in Madison, Wisconsin. This invitational workshop will be held on Thursday, June 7, from 12:30 p.m. until early evening. The purpose is to solicit information about the needs of projects such as OSG that will be used to help guide future plans for the TeraGrid. Individuals working on initiatives that provide linkages to TeraGrid resources and services are important users of TeraGrid.
This workshop is the first in a series of activities associated with a planning process being supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF). The planning process will be led by a Steering Committee comprised of individuals from key stakeholder communities and facilitated by the University of Michigan's School of Information (UM-SI). The workshop will be conducted by Ann Zimmerman and Katherine Lawrence of the UM-SI. Please see the end of this message for further information about the planning process."

   * Should we have a story for the ASCR Town meetings? 

   * Software support for the EGEE in support of the WLCG.

---++ Resources Managers

   * Discussion and Agreement on Year2 High Level Planning Process [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_year2_Project_Planning.ppt][OSG_year2_Project_Planning.ppt]]


   * Review and Approval of OSG Change Request 06 (from Don Petravick) [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Change_Request_06-050907.doc][OSG_Change_Request_06-050907.doc]]





-- Main.RuthPordes - 09 May 2007


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_06-050907.doc" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="OSG Change Request 06 (from Don Petravick)" date="1178809185" path="OSG_Change_Request_06-050907.doc" size="117760" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_year2_Project_Planning.ppt" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="OSG Year2 Planning Process" date="1178811625" path="OSG_year2_Project_Planning.ppt" size="114176" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
