%META:TOPICINFO{author="KentBlackburn" date="1177602663" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
<table width="100%">
<tr><td valign="top">
</td>
<td valign="top">
---+ Finance Board Meeting April 26th 2007
</td>
<td valign="top" align="right" width="25%">
%TABLE{ sort="off" dataalign="left" tableborder="0" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="3" headerbg="#F3EDE7" databg="#F3EDE7"}%


</td></tr></table>

%TOC%
%STARTINCLUDE%
 *Finance Board Meeting Thursday 26th April from 10:00 AM CDT to 12:00 NOON CDT*

---++ Open Science Grid Finance Board

 o *Committee Members*

   * Paul Avery & Kent Blackburn, OSG Resource Managers (chairs)
   * Miron Livny, OSG PI and OSG Facilities
   * Ruth Pordes, OSG Executive Director
   * Frank Wuerthwein & Torre Wenaus, Applications Coordinator
   * Mike Wilde, Education,Outreach, Training
   * Bill Kramer, the OSG Council
   * Jim Yeck, Liaison to the Funding Agencies
   * Chander Sehgal, Project Associate

---++ Attendees

Attending: Kent, Chander, Paul, Ruth, Bill, Miron, Mike, Frank

---++ Logistics

*Location:*

FCC2A on the second floor of the Feynman Computing Center

*Phone/Video Coordinates:*

We will be using the ESnet ECS Adhoc bridge.
The number to dial in to connect by video is
88674 for (88OSG) at 348kps.
<br>If you need to dial in by phone only, call 510-883-7860 then enter the
Ad-hoc number 88674 ) followed by the # sign.
<br>for Ad-Hoc instructions for dialing in http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/dialin.htm
<br>or connecting to to view the stream http://www-staff.es.net/~mikep/adhoc/codian.htm

---++ Agenda (see presentation outline)

---+++ Year 1 Status



---++++ Statements of Work Status Report

This is a time consuming process that takes place at a lot of different locations - anything that improves efficiency is important.

Need statement that this SOW is under the assumption of funding levels persisting (Language needs to be wordsmith'ed)

We should be able to improve the process, year one was a learning experience.

Provide good examples from first year that show small group SOW and large group SOW for use in year two.

Propose that WBS is agreed to by all participants. The coupling of statement of work to WBS is a complex issue that needs careful consideration.

Recommendation to have instructions to PIs (we may have new PIs in the future) for what is required to move SOW forward.

Figuring out how to work with two funding agency is part of our research.

---++++ Budget Allocation and Usage

Several institutions are burning old money before burning new money resulting in slower startup spending. 



---++++ Mid Year Budget Updates



---++++ Staffing Changes


d100 1
---++++ Change Request Process

[[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=523][Change Control Process Document]]

Made some changes to improve process. Machinery of change control is beginning to execute as it should.

d104 1
---++++ Status Reporting and WBS Update Process

Cultural changes to migrate to a project mode. Periodic get-togethers has been shown to be useful in other big science projects. One suggestion is to keep a metric on reporting responsiveness, possibly in a spreadsheet. Can we find modivational means of keeping up? This is a broad issue ranging from monthly "level of effort" to quarterly "PI and area coordinator" reports. Question: should we capture this as a metric for the reporting agencies to have visibility into?

d112 1
---+++ Year 2 Status (Planning)



---++++ Key Planning Meetings

These meeting dates were presented and agreed to at the Blueprint meeting last week. Should have been sufficiently advertized a this point. 

d116 1
---++++ Planning Considerations

What do we do with unspent money, say from a delay in hiring: Should take back the budget and re-allocate, possibly to a different institution or into contengency (Jim Yeck's recommendation). Would be useful to move this into contengency so that it could be reallocated as a group with social support.


---++++ Planning Proposal : High-Level Milestones



---++ Presentations

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.ppt][OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.ppt]]: OSG Finance Board Presentation April 26, 2007

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.pdf][OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.pdf]]: OSG Finance Board Presentation April 26, 2007 (PDF)


---++ Notes




-- Main.KentBlackburn - 24 Apr 2007

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.ppt" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="OSG Finance Board Presentation April 26, 2007" date="1177534445" path="OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.ppt" size="328192" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.pdf" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="OSG Finance Board Presentation April 26, 2007 (PDF)" date="1177534686" path="OSG_Finance_Board_042607v2.pdf" size="124643" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
