%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1325623817" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting, March 29th, 2007

%TOC%

---+ Agenda
Attending: Torre, Chander, Ruth, Doug, Mike, Alain, Miron, RobQ, RobG, Todd

Apologies: Kent,

---+++ Resource Managers 
   * Status of SOWs, report on IOWA,
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/OSGReports/UpdateWbs][WBS updates]], [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/OSGReports/ViewReportsSa2007Q1][Area Coordinator updates]]

---+++ Integration Activities
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/Integration/AttributesSubcommittee][Attributes committee final report]] - RobG
   * Torre would like a tool in VDT Client installation that enables him to get information from the OSG BDII easily. e.g. lcg-info-site - Alain will follow up.
   * Ruth will ask Laurence Field and EGEE to review the report. 
   * Who owns the document? Currently RobG. How does Rob know about changes - they get into VDT, so Alain needs to inform Rob. Rob and Alain will talk. 

---+++ Issue Reports 
Facility issues
   * Operations issues with TACC - Rob Q. Should remove them. Rob send mail to the contact person saying that the site is deactivated and will CC the Council member.
   * Resource needs and usage: D0,  Engagement. Rob putting together calls to find out the D0 and Engagement site policies of the list of sites.  Need to start thinking about how to bring a reasonable amount of resources to the Engagement VO 500 CPUhours a day. Put this on the Blueprint agenda for next week. OSG have a knob to turn in terms of the priorities.
   * CHARMM running in production. 

Applications and Trash/Extensions issues

Reminders:
   * Blueprint meeting next week: Priorities between VOs and Sub-VOs.
   * EB and Finance Board meetings following week: 26th April 10 am-5.30 pm Chicago time. 
   * Anne Heaveys email


-- Main.RuthPordes - 12 Apr 2007