%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445064" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting, July 5th , 2007

%TOC%


Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437

---+ Agenda & Meeting Notes
Attending: Miron, Ruth, Chander, Mike, RobQ, Paul

---++ Project Issues 

---++ Year2 Planning Update
   * Verbal briefing by Chander: 
Draft of the WBS for Year 2 is pending some additional information from Frank and Torre. In addition to the WBS have staff allocation by institution, by sub-area, by FTE as input to the SOW. Breakdown of staff chargable to OSG and for in-kind contributions. Will be fleshed out as part of the SOW process. Also draft budget for Year 2. Reviewing SOW template and revising it with discussion with Kent and Paul. Body of SOW done for "simple" one - UIUC. Hope to start writing SOWs early next week.  Goal to have a presentation at the Council meeting at LBNL on 17th August. 

---++ Change Requests

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Change_Request_11-080107.doc][OSG_Change_Request_11-080107.doc]]: Change Request #11 - No Cost Extensions
Agreed to.

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Change_Request_09-072707.doc][OSG_Change_Request_09-072707.doc]]: Change Request #09 - Metrics and QA FTE
Focus more on understanding of existing information. rather than developing more infrastructure. Do not create the expectation that the information can be delivered. Having someone who looks at the existing information is sufficient. Should have some line to the facility - makes it more detached from the nuts and bolts. Recommendation from Miron to allocate the funds presuming one can find the right person. Once we have the right person we can define what we expect them to do. Will resubmit the Change Request with the funds with the change in deliverables. Not easy to find the right person. 


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Change_Request_10-072707.doc][OSG_Change_Request_10-072707.doc]]: Change Request #10 - OSG/osg/* VO Admin FTE
This is a 1 year allocation of effort to this responsibility given the need for short term focussed attention. With this change the change request is accepted.

Change Request #12 - Budget Re-use for year2
Chander to check with DOE for modulating the funds between the institutions based on the change request. The resource managers are asked to reconsider the methodology of looking at the FTE count rather than the deliverables. 






-- Main.RuthPordes - 30 Jul 2007

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_09-072707.doc" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="Change Request #09 - Metrics and QA FTE" date="1186078083" path="OSG_Change_Request_09-072707.doc" size="121856" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_12-080107.doc" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="a test" date="1186078223" path="OSG_Change_Request_12-080107.doc" size="154112" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_11-080107.doc" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="Change Request #11 - No Cost Extensions" date="1186078000" path="OSG_Change_Request_11-080107.doc" size="122880" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Change_Request_10-072707.doc" attr="h" autoattached="1" comment="Change Request #10 - OSG/osg/* VO Admin FTE" date="1186078138" path="OSG_Change_Request_10-072707.doc" size="120832" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
