%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1191532464" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
OSG Executive Team Meeting, October 4th 2007

%TOC%
October 4th

Phone Coordinates: ID 1111	Phone Number 510-665-5437; 4.30 PM

---+ Agenda & Meeting Notes
Attending: 
Apologies: 

---++ Request from CDIGS on WS-GRAM Roadmap

The CDIGS team would like to continue working closely with the OSG team on the GRAM-4 transition. Based on our successful results with the ITB as well as ongoing Globus/GRAM-4 development that is focusing exclusively on reliability & performance, we believe that we are well positioned to help make the transition to GRAM-4 successful.  What is the procedure for making this an official OSG milestone?     Dan

---++ Education and Training
   * online self paced course materials. 
   * OSG EDU support VO working as a VO, following on with OSG usage from each of the grid schools. Following up with UTB and UNL.
   * Next workshop at FIU ~3rd week January (Jan 23-25 2008 -- we would like to confirm and set the date !) -- support from Chepreo and CIARA. 
   * participant support in Year 2.
   * Draft calendar for other workshops (possible venues: Tuskegee U., Georgetown U., ISI)
   * HPC University - cooperation (course materials // potentially Grid Cookbook)
   * Grid Cookbook -- just found out that 1st version will be released Oct 8: [[http://www.sura.org/cookbook/gtcb/][book]] 
   * Study cases -- for grid workshop materials -- volunteers / pointers ?
   * Office hours, mailing lists (communication means for follow-on procedure)
   * SC07 workshop -- short tutorial (6h) -- scaled down version of our regular workshop

Please find [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/view/OSGReports/RptSaEto2007Q3][full report]]

---++ Communications

   * SC07 attention getter proposal-- not placques, but inflatable 4ft tall animals with OSG logo printed on them ($20 ea excl printing) .
   * Documentation -- doc hub to point to both release doc and pages with background info. Requesting reviewers for non-release doc pages.
   * website home page update planned -- xenomedia will produce prototype. 
   * Will Miron write opinion piece for isgtw in Nov?

---++ Planning for the Blueprint Meeting

Start date	Monday 22 October 2007 12:00<br>
End date	Tuesday 23 October 2007 1:00pm<br>

Agenda: How to support MPI jobs on OSG, and other applications which might require a) rebuilding for each site configuration; b) intimate knowledge and response to the execution environment.

who is planning to attend? 

Hampton Inn at Midway<br>

6540 S. Cicero Avenue<br>
Chicago, IL 60638<br>
Phone: 708-594-5500 Fax: 708-728-9676<br>
Room: HA - Boardroom # 421<br>
Start date	Monday 22 October 2007 12:00<br>
End date	Tuesday 23 October 2007 1:00pm<br>

---++ Schedule for  meetings: 
<b>ETP: Move biweekly meeting slot.</b>

With Apologies - I know it is a pain moving meetings around.

I believe we need regular discussions of Engagement at the ETP meetings and we don't seem to have this on our agendae. To accommodate both the east and the west coast I propose to have a bi-weekly schedule where one week the meeting is at 11.30  am Chicago time and the next it is at 4.30 pm Chicago time on a Thursday.

I have spoken to Alain as 11 am Chicago time is the weekly VDT Office Hours. He says they generally finish in 1/2 hour and he is comfortable with an 11.30 am ETP meeting. 12 noon is the weekly Users Meetings, and thus for every other week members of the executive team who attend would be late to that.
On talking with people the other option of moving the meeting to 11 am Chicago time on Wednesday does not work; 11 am Friday does not work; I am not prepared to go earlier than that for the West Coast - and anyway the earlier times are taken up with various WLCG,  EGEE, European meetings.

I propose to start the biweekly schedule this week with the regular 4.30 pm and go to 11.30 on 11th October unless there are conflicts that people have that just mean they can never attend.

I talked briefly to Torre and he proposes Maxim be his alternate to attend meetings that Torre cannot where the workload management and other user support at BNL are on the agenda.

<b>Finance Board:</b>
 Nov 2nd face to face. Is this all day? Can we have an EB slot on that day? 

<b>EB</b>
MInutes from last weeks EB available. Can we have a few hour EB on Nov 1st or 2nd? (every 6 weeks). Next currently scheduled EB is 14th December. Can we start scheduling for 2008?

<b>Blueprint</b> 

Oct 22-23 MPI<br>
Dec 6-7  Security. This overlaps with the MSWG. We plan to take this hit unless advised otherwise.<br>
Dates for 2008?<br>

<b> Site Administrators Face to Face</b>

<b>Others</b>

Executive Director, Project Associate meeting with Gratia accounting project all day October 11th at Fermilab. Attendance includes  Karthik Arunachalam - US ATLAS contribution; Brian - OSG metrics staring 1/1/08;  Focus: Deliverables and schedule; Reporting; Storage Accounting in place by end of 2007 and reporting to WLCG;  Will include phone meeting with RSV.  Are there other people who would like to come? Are there specific agenda items? 

All hands meeting: When to have an outline of the goals and scope and when to start the program committee? 


---++ year2 OSG SOW Status 

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls][year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls]]: year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls


-- Main.RuthPordes - 02 Oct 2007


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls" attachment="year2_OSG_SOW_Status.xls" attr="h" comment="" date="1191532380" path="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\My Documents\SOWs\year2\year2 OSG SOW Status.xls" size="26112" stream="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\My Documents\SOWs\year2\year2 OSG SOW Status.xls" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
