%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1196917504" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%

---+!! OSG Executive team meeting, December 6th  11.30 am
%TOC%

---++ Coordinates
   * 510 665 5437 ID 1111
   * Attending: 
   * Apologies: Frank, John


---+++ Project Management 
   * Review/closeout of Year 1 WBS unfinished items
   * Status of deliverables on Year 2 WBS
---+++ Preparing for OSG Release 1.0
   * Sign off on VDT 1.0 spreadsheet/deliverables.
 <br>My understanding is that Frank has gathered the stakeholder input and now the time has run out. Can Frank please to collection  to Alain and/or the ETP before tomorrows  meeting.

---+++ Executive Director Report
   *  Update on January Review
   * Partnership with Sao Paolo GRid - preparation for phone/video meeting on 14th.


---++ Action Items in progress (start of organizing this better)


   1 [Mine Altunay] Have security officer work with metrics team and others to work with site on what information should be collected, who would have access, etc.  Context was a report from Mine on barring procedure and approval of CA authorities.  Privacy issues.  Metrics committee: Ruth, Richard Mount, Warren Anderson, Vicky White, David Skinner.
   1 [Rob Q] will send the council members a short survey regarding how data are kept by Gratia accounting services - how long we should retain, what should be summarized, when does it get discarded.  Individual job records to summary data.  Estimate 1.5 TB/year for live data.
   1 [John Mcgee]  Lead the planning for All-hands.
   1 [Ruth P] Report back from ET to Facilit on WN software open port issues.


-- Main.RuthPordes - 06 Dec 2007
