%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1203527493" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---++Meeting Coordinates

Thursday, Feb 21; Time: 4.30 pm Central; Tel:  510-665-5437   ID:   1111

Attendees:

Apologies:

---++ Agenda

---+++ Project Management/Executive Director Report
Status of the replacement security effort.<br>
Status of WBS reporting <br>
Follow up with LIGO<br>
[[%ATTACHURL%/year2_OSG_SOW_Status.pdf][year2_OSG_SOW_Status.pdf]]: year2 OSG SOW Status


---+++ OSG allocation proposal
 
      *  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20080207ETAgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=VOResourceFlowchart.pdf][OSG Allocation Flowchart]]
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/bin/viewfile/Deployment/20080207ETAgendaMinutes?rev=1;filename=WBS_5_4_4_Draft2.doc][VO Allocation Document]]

---+++ Action Items
[RP,CS]Need to better capture and track deliverable and milestones for LHC and other science stakeholders. ET to follow up with Lothar and Jim initially [propose meeting Feb 15th week]
[AR]VDT spreadsheet with more columns a la WBS. Date of request; Update date for request; If request dropped or not. Chander will help also. Goal to have update to discuss at Feb blueprint meeting. [Feb 25th]

-- Main.RuthPordes - 18 Feb 2008

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="year2_OSG_SOW_Status.pdf" attachment="year2_OSG_SOW_Status.pdf" attr="h" comment="" date="1203527351" path="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\Desktop\year2 OSG SOW Status.pdf" size="9800" stream="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\Desktop\year2 OSG SOW Status.pdf" user="Main.ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
