%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466109814" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, Nov 6, 2008 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 1111 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Altunay, Mine
   * Bejan, Alina
   * Carlson, Rich
   * Levshina, Tanya
   * Pordes, Ruth
   * Quick, Rob
   * Rana, Abhishek
   * Roy, Alain
   * Sehgal, Chander
   * Techenbrock, Marcia

---++ Agenda

   * Canvass for news items 

   * 1.1 Software - Alain Roy (Storage - Tanya Levshina) - see below

   * 1.2 Operations - Rob Quick ([[OperationsReport11062008][Operations Report]])

   * 1.3 Integration & Sites - Rob Gardner - no report and did not attend

   * 1.4 VOs - Abhishek Rana, Britta Daudert ([[%ATTACHURL%/Trash/VirtualOrganizationsGroup-AreaReport.11.06.2008.pdf][Virtual Organizations Group: Report]])

   * 1.5 Engagement - John McGee - no report and did not attend

---++ 1.1 Software
Since I last reported to this august body, quite a bit has happened. 

   * The Software Tools Group has gotten rolling. We have a Twiki page, mailing list, and biweekly meetings. We've begun reviewing the RSV Year 3 plan.

   * The storage work has been focused on adding Xrootd and a new version of Bestman. Lots of work has been done, and ATLAS is currently testing.

   * We've released a significant incremental update to the VDT that includes numerous security updates, the initial release of LFC, and many bug fixes.

   * We're working on another significant incremental update that will upgrade us to new versions of Globus (4.0.8), GUMS (1.3) and PRIMA. The GUMS and PRIMA updates are considered significant because the underlying protocols for our authorization infrastructure have been changed. This should greatly simply future development. This update will require significant VTB/ITB testing. 

   * We're working on a method to significantly improve how we deliver VDT updates. Right now, our update mechanism is confusing and prone to error. 

   * We've done lots of other tasks: software upgrades, fixing bugs, and general maintenance.


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 22 Oct 2008
   

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="VirtualOrganizationsGroup-AreaReport.11.06.2008.pdf" attachment="VirtualOrganizationsGroup-AreaReport.11.06.2008.pdf" attr="h" comment="" date="1225993585" path="VirtualOrganizationsGroup-AreaReport.11.06.2008.pdf" size="35770" stream="VirtualOrganizationsGroup-AreaReport.11.06.2008.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8571" user="AbhishekSinghRana" version="1"}%
