%META:TOPICINFO{author="RuthPordes" date="1214415937" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ExecutiveTeam"}%
---+++ Agenda 

   * activity over summer to list impact of size increase.Ruth, Chander.
   * identify single points of contact. how to create an agreed upon item list with the experiments. On Friday how do we come up with a trackable, agreed upon, understood set of deliverables for the OSG.  Need to prioritize.Ruth
   * can atlas/cms have common expectations for servce levels.
   * Original plan was to have plan ready by end of August, but the Council meeting is early August. This is a disconnect and a stress. 




   * Key Project Drivers and related issues as part of the thinking  for Year 3.[[%ATTACHURL%/KeyProjectDrivers-Year3-V2.ppt][KeyProjectDrivers-Year3-V2.ppt]]
   * Action item register - review;  [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Action_Item_Register_6:25:08.xls][OSG_Action_Item_Register_6:25:08.xls]]
-- Main.RuthPordes - 21 Jun 2008

 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Action_Item_Register_6:25:08.xls" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="" date="1214412446" path="OSG_Action_Item_Register_6:25:08.xls" size="32256" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Action_Item_Register_v5.xls" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="" date="1214068852" path="OSG_Action_Item_Register_v5.xls" size="30720" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Action_Item_Register_v4.xls" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="" date="1214062587" path="OSG_Action_Item_Register_v4.xls" size="29696" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="KeyProjectDrivers-Year3-V2.ppt" attr="" autoattached="1" comment="" date="1214412481" path="KeyProjectDrivers-Year3-V2.ppt" size="588288" user="Main.RuthPordes" version="1"}%
