%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1245955812" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, June 25, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 1111  |


---+++ Attendees
Matt, Ruth, Marco, Rob G, Alina, Maxim, Igor, Rich, Dan, Tanya, Mine, Chris, Abhishek, Rob Q, 
David, Alain, Abhishek, Chander



---++ Agenda

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Year4_KeyProjectDrivers_V2.ppt][OSG Year4 Key Project Drivers]] - Ruth Pordes

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Year4_Planning.ppt][Schedule and Next Steps]] - Chander Sehgal




-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 18 Jun 2009
   


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Year4_KeyProjectDrivers_V2.ppt" attachment="OSG_Year4_KeyProjectDrivers_V2.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1245946280" path="OSG Year4 KeyProjectDrivers V2.ppt" size="493056" stream="OSG Year4 KeyProjectDrivers V2.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp43054" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Year4_Planning.ppt" attachment="OSG_Year4_Planning.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1245955811" path="OSG Year4 Planning.ppt" size="281600" stream="OSG Year4 Planning.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp46865" user="ChanderSehgal" version="3"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Year4_KeyProjectDrivers_V2.pdf" attachment="OSG_Year4_KeyProjectDrivers_V2.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1245946555" path="OSG Year4 KeyProjectDrivers V2.pdf" size="144218" stream="OSG Year4 KeyProjectDrivers V2.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp43052" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Year4_Planning.pdf" attachment="OSG_Year4_Planning.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1245955782" path="OSG Year4 Planning.pdf" size="99708" stream="OSG Year4 Planning.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp47486" user="ChanderSehgal" version="3"}%
