%META:TOPICINFO{author="AbhishekSinghRana" date="1255624847" format="1.1" reprev="1.12" version="1.12"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, October 15, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 1111  |


---+++ Attendees


---++ Agenda

   * 1.1 Software - Alain Roy / Tanya Levshina (confirmed)
 
   * 1.3 Intergration & Sites - Rob Gardner (confirmed)

   * 1.4 VOs – Abhishek Rana (confirmed)

   * 1.6 Campus Grids – Sebastien Goasguen (confirmed)

---++ Software Report

We last reported at the Area Coordinator's Meeting on [[20090611ETAgendaMinutes][June 11, 2009]]. 

Highlights of our accomplishments include:

   * Released OSG 1.2, sites have begun adopting it. 
   * Eight updates to the Pacman packaged software, more on the way.
   * Significant work on usability of RSV. Marco, working for the STG, has developed "rsv-control", which is nearing release, and will help system administrators maintain an RSV installation.
   * Released an important new version of lcg-utils (command-line storage tools, requested by CMS) and LFC (file catalog, used by ATLAS).
   * Continued working on storage test suite (maintained in Storage group), adding tests for lcg-utils client and  third-party copies
   * Tested/troubleshooted/certified, bestman (server and clients), XRootd (and related components), dCache (server and clients), and lcg-utils
   * Released a new dCache installation procedure that include community tool chest rpms
   * Participated in testing of bestman/hadoop installation from rpms, provided feedback
   * Organized OSG Storage Forum 
   * Participated/provided tutorials (OSG Fundamentals and Storage)  in OSG Admin workshop
   * Released test version of storage discovery tools
   * Worked on FY10 goals for software
   * Improved coordination via monthly meetings between XRoot developers and OSG. 

Currently working on:
   * Native packaging
   * Plan for dropping support for old platforms (like Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3)
   * Improved distribution of RSV
   * Uniform software license
   * Improving software requirements. 
   * Release of storage discovery tools via VDT
   * Improvements of storage test suite design
   * Investigation of the tools for log troubleshooting
   * Improvements of  OSG twiki documentation layout with documentation team  
   * Recommendation for SE selection and VDT installation for T3 ATLAS and CMS sites 
   * Facilitating allocation of opportunistic storage for SCEC  at various OSG sites 

Ongoing efforts:
   * Providing site admins and VO support to all software & storage related issues
   * Certifying newly released storage software
   * Working with T3 sites 

Near Future work:
   * Continue to work on investigation of storage troubleshooting tools
   * Provide dCache golden release in VDT
   * Continue to work with Hadoop team to improve bestman/hadoop installation
   * Install/configure bestman/lustre on test stand 


---++ Virtual Organizations Group

Last reported at the Area Coordinator's Meeting on [[20090611ETAgendaMinutes][June 11, 2009]]. 

---+++ FY3 2008-09 Summary
   
   * Year3 ground work and impact on at-large VOs' Production:
      * Work was planned and executed jointly; effort shared between OSG and key experts from VOs.
      * <u>Dzero</u> pulled up from 15-30% (30-50K hours/day) efficiency to 60-80% (80-120K hours/day). Resulted in new monte-carlo production peaks, and D0's own internal taskforces. Qizhong Li pointed out in July'09 that joint effort has led to an interesting practical metric: "a publication per week" due to MC production on OSG. 
      * <u>Fermilab-VO's</u> !TeraGrid gateway picked up from near-0 activity, and was refocused with D0 as a real user. 
      * <u>Geant4</u> re-started up to use OSG for its regression cycles in June'09 and Nov'09.
      * <u>CDF</u> and <u>STAR</u> have tangible plans and needs. Not all needs were met, but good potential for success.
      * <u>ALICE</u> started up in the US. Resulted in formation of US ALICE's internal plan for a Tier-2 Facility, to be jointly established at NERSC/LBNL and LLNL. 
      * <u>nanoHUB</u> pulled from near-0 to 500 hrs/day with application jobs. Resulted in influx of user jobs toward OSG resources. 
      * <u>SBGrid</u> pulled from 0 to 2000 hrs/day (from a VO usage view), and from 0 functional sites to 2 functional sites (community grid view). Usage dropped down to 0-20 hrs/day in latter-half of FY3. Ramp up and expansion planned for FY4.
      * Increased focus on <u>IceCube</u>. Formation of plans for scale-out from GLOW to other OSG sites.
      * <u>CompBioGrid, GPN, GROW</u> have good potential. Attempt was made to pull up activity, and to make a plan.

   * Management staff of VOs providing direct input of Plans & Requirements to EB and Council: 15+ 
   * Official Reports presented to the EB and Council: August'09 and March'09.
   * Scientific Publications collected for Annual NFS Report: 100+ (Work done with OSG Communications Area)
 
   * OSG 1.2 pre-release validation on ITB 1.1:
      * VOs participating: 13 
      * ATLAS, ALICE, CDF, CMS, Dzero, DES, DOSAR, Engage-VO, Fermilab-VO, LIGO, nanoHUB, SBGrid, STAR.
      * Strict punctuality of closure deadline: VOs validation opened and closed within 3 weeks. 
      * As trade-off in timeline, only a subset of VOs performed a thorough validation.
   * OSG 1.0.1 pre-release validation on ITB 0.9.2:   
      * VOs participating: 6
      * ATLAS, CDF, CMS, Dzero, Fermilab-VO, LIGO.
      * Strict punctuality of closure deadline: VOs validation opened and closed within 4 weeks.
      * Work done with OSG Sites and Integration Area.
   * VOs participating in Weekly VO Forums: 15+
      * Usual attendance by representatives of: CDF, Dzero, DES, Fermilab-VO, ILC, nanoHUB, NYSGrid, SBGrid/NEBioGrid. 
      * Increased focus was put on VOs with limited activity: !CompBioGrid, GPN, GUGrid, GROW, !IceCube, MARIACHI.
   * OSG Areas directly interacting with VOs in Weekly VO Forums: 
      * Security, Storage, Communications, Operations/GOC, WMS, Engagement. 
      * As trade-off in scope of discussions, context of operational Security and its implication on VOs was not clear.     
   * VOs that were closed in FY3: 2 
      * <u>GUGrid, MARIACHI</u>.
      * Decision based on each's self-assessment. Due to lack of activity/funds.
   * New VO registrations in OIM/GOC that were vetted and stopped: 2
      * <u>MinerVa</u>, merged into Fermilab-VO. 
      * <u>CALICE</u>, persuaded to get an official plan or to merge into ILC.
   * New VO registrations in OIM/GOC that were vetted and cleared: 3 
      * <u>GROW, JDEM, !NEBioGrid</u>.  
   * FY3 WBS Items that were not completed / in need of improvement:
      * # 1.4.1.2.3 - Organize annual face-to-face meeting of at-large VOs.
      * # 1.4.1.4 - Assist in planning of new software features with Project Management and Software/VDT teams.
      * # 1.4.3.3 - Encourage more VOs to make transition to using SRM-based opportunistic storage.
      
---+++ FY4 2009-10 Plan

   * VOs opportunistic utilization and production efficiency:
      * In phase with LHC startup, gauge any limitations of opportunistic resource availability for other VOs on OSG.
      * Monitor accounting data and characteristics of VOs. Use both views - OSG Accounting and VOs Accounting.
      * Preemption/Eviction is a prevalent characteristic in opportunistic grid usage. With ET's direction, commission a recommendation/solution for adoption by affected VOs.
      * With ET's direction, organize and lead Joint !TaskForces to rapidly resolve wide-range matters for specific VOs. Ensure closure within 4-6 weeks.
   * Analyze portfolio of functional VOs and recommend needed actions to the ET:
      * Value delivery to Group 1: <u>D0, CDF, Fermi-VO</u>.
      * Value delivery to Group 2: <u>DES (+ JDEM), DOSAR, ILC, STAR</u>.
      * Value delivery to Group 3: <u>Geant4, NYSGrid</u>.
      * Quarterly executive summary to ET on functional VOs.
   * Manage portfolio of VOs that have limited activity:
      * <u>IceCube</u>: Phased expansion on OSG using glideinWMS and Squid/SRM Storage.
      * <u>ALICE</u>: Phased increase in operations on OSG. Execute USALICE plan on NERSC & LLNL, and/or VO-Box at GLOW.
      * <u>CompBioGrid, GPN, GROW, nanoHUB</u>: Specialized support to enable gradual increase in quantitative activity; evaluate results.
      * <u>NEBioGrid, SBGrid</u>: If needed, work together to manage gradual increase in quantitative activity.
      * <u>CIGI, GRASE, NWICG</u>: Assess availability of roadmaps.
      * With ET's direction, assess viability (and closure) of a VO if success-roadmap and value proposition is unclear.
      * <u>New VO registrations in GOC</u>: Evaluate clarity of plan, and assist EB in deciding approval or denial of registration.
      * <u>New VO formations via Engagement</u>: Work with Engagement & !CampusGrids area to assess/execute plan.
      * Quarterly executive summary to ET on inactive VOs.
   * Organize a forum for regular stakeholder interaction:
      * Organize Weekly-VO-Forum teleconferences, inviting select VOs and peer OSG Areas.
      * Organize !F2F Annual OSG VOs & Users Meeting.
      * Organize !F2F meetings with specific VOs as needed.
      * Serve as conduit for peer OSG Areas to facilitate at-large VOs matters. E.g., Content Mgt, Software, Sites Coordination, Storage, Scalability/Reliability/Usability.
      * Collect VOs scientific publications (<u>including ATLAS, CMS, LIGO</u>) for annual DOE & NSF reports.
   * Stakeholder participation in OSG planning and software:
      * Organize periodic collection of VOs plans and requirements. Communicate VOs direct input to Council.
      * Plan and execute pre-release software validation by VOs (<u>including ATLAS, CMS, LIGO</u>) on ITB.
      * Manage and track VOs software requirements.

---++ 
