%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1243519444" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, May 28, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 1111  |


---+++ Attendees



---++ Agenda

   * Canvass for News Items - David Ritchie

   * 2.3 Storage – Matt Crawford

   * 3.1 Metrics & Measurements – Brian Bockelman

   * 3.2 Communications – Dave Ritchie

   * 3.3 [[%ATTACHURL%/Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_28may09.ppt][Project Management]]  – Chander Sehgal




-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 21 May 2009

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_28may09.ppt" attachment="Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_28may09.ppt" attr="" comment="28May2009 OSG Pjm Area Report" date="1243519235" path="Proj Mgmt Area Update 28may09.ppt" size="356352" stream="Proj Mgmt Area Update 28may09.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp43023" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
