%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047970" format="1.1" version="1.12"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, October 29, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 1111  |


---+++ Attendees
Kent Blackburn, Chander Sehgal, Jim Weichel, Peter Doherty, John Mcgee, Brian Bockelman, Mine Altunay, Rob Quick, Maxim Potekhin

---++ Agenda

   * 1.0.4 LIGO Applications – Kent Blackburn (confirmed)
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGACMtgLIGOApp.ppt][OSGACMtgLIGOApp.ppt]]: WBS 10.0.4 LIGO Apps [PPT]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSGACMtgLIGOApp.pdf][OSGACMtgLIGOApp.pdf]]: WBS 10.0.4 LIGO Apps [PDF]

   * 1.2 Operations – Rob Quick (confirmed) [[OpsReportOct29][Ops Report]]

   * 1.5 Engagment - John M. (confirmed)
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord-2009-10-29-McGee.pdf][AreaCoord-2009-10-29-McGee.pdf]]: Engage Rpt

   * 1.7 Security – Mine Altunay (confirmed)
      * Tier-2 Incident drill is concluded and report is ready to be sent to EB. Overall T2s did really well. 
         * There are a few problems discovered with GUMS, while running jobs. the worries are started being communicated to GUMS staff. 
      * Patching progress
         * Going very well. only ttu-anteus (Alan Sill) has not patched but due to lack of patches. MWT2_IU and firefly promised to update this week. 
         * There are some sites we cannot run test jobs. We are contacting those by hand. order of ten. 
      * Security Announcement Tool. 
         * Thanks to GOC ! prepared the logs per ticket. We can see which security contacts are indeed viewing the security announcements
         * Security News and Announcement page on myosg. Presented via blogspot
      * VO Packing project -- software development is completed
          * GUMS 1.3 also have the merging capability. 
          * waiting for VDT to test and include GUMS 1.4 in next release
      * New GUMS person: david Stampf. for 30% FTE. He attended last week's security meeting and being very responsive
      * ID workshop at Wisconsin at 9-10-11 of November
         * Met with us-cms user support and got a list of ID problems from user perspective. 
         * Hover sent a list of atlas user-side problems. us-atlas does not have a help desk. 
         * Anand is regenerating problem scenarios
      * Requirements from software developers are reviewed with Alain and ready to be public review and approval.      

-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 21 Sep 2009


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.ppt" attachment="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.ppt" attr="" comment="WBS 10.0.4 LIGO Apps [PPT]" date="1255137372" path="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.ppt" size="140288" stream="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp5676" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.pdf" attachment="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.pdf" attr="" comment="WBS 10.0.4 LIGO Apps [PDF]" date="1255137422" path="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.pdf" size="83629" stream="OSGACMtgLIGOApp.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp5792" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoord-2009-10-29-McGee.pdf" attachment="AreaCoord-2009-10-29-McGee.pdf" attr="" comment="Engagement Report for Area Coordinator Mtg 10/29/2009" date="1256835279" path="C:\DATA\Projects\OSG\AreaCoord-2009-10-29-McGee.pdf" size="516809" stream="C:\DATA\Projects\OSG\AreaCoord-2009-10-29-McGee.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp23068" user="JohnMcGee" version="1"}%
