%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1232649850" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, Jan 22, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 1111  |

---+++ Attendees


---++ Agenda

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoordinatorsReviewBrief.ppt][OSG Review Readout]]: Ruth

   * Canvass for news items - Marcia

   * Overview of OSG Software Release Plan – Alain & Mine

   *  [[%ATTACHURL%/areacoord-mc-tdh-01_22_2009.pdf][Storage Extensions Plan]] - Matt & Ted

---++ OSG Software Release Plans (Alain & Mine)

---+++ Incremental Update for OSG 1.0

We are preparing an incremental update to OSG 1.0. It contains updates to Globus (many bug fixes), the updated authorization components (GUMS, PRIMA, gPlazma, glexec), and an update to GIP/CEMon.

[[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/SoftwareTools/Late2008BigUpdate][Details]]

---+++ OSG 1.2
In late December, we proposed what OSG 1.2 should look like. Due to the holidays and the OSG Review, we haven't had much feedback yet. Alain recently resent out his proposal and feedback is beginning to trickle in. We would like more feedback. The proposal is below. Other than formatting, it is identical to the emailed proposal I sent earlier.

<div style="margin-left: 1em;margin-right: 1em;padding: 0.5em;background-color: #f0f0f0; border: 1px solid black">

There have been discussions about when an OSG 1.2 might be produced and what it might contain. I have some initial thoughts on this. They are not final, but I'm circulating them with the hope that I can get feedback.

---++++ Rationale for Plan
1) LHC dates: my understanding is that the current schedule for the LHC is for it to turn on in July. (I know it might slip, but that's the plan now.) We would need to ship an OSG 1.2 by May in order to have a chance at LHC sites adopting it.

2) LIGO really wants Debian Lenny (the new Debian release) by March 15th. Today, in practice, adding support for a new platform means releasing a completely new VDT release--no incremental updates.

3) I really want to fix this problem that a new platform means a new release. (See #2.) This will enable us to use incremental updates even more as a mechanism for providing significant updates to OSG.

---++++ Planned work
OSG 1.2 will be based on VDT 2.0, which will contain only a very few improvements over VDT 1.10.1, and mostly related to packaging. They will be:

1) A restructuring of Pacman and/or our Pacman cache to provide the ability to add or remove platforms to the VDT without requiring a major upgrade.

2) Addition of a new platform, Debian Lenny, requested by LIGO, needed by mid-March

3) Removal of most or all VDT "questions", which are asked during the installation. Most are not needed anymore, and they complicate some incremental upgrades, so we can eliminate this complication.

4) Official support for a small set of native packages (RPMs/debs). The list of packages will be small and will only support client configurations, not server configurations. This is the first step towards greater support for native packages.

5) Maybe beginning to split some of our install-time configuration into post-installation configuration. This will make native packages and incremental updates easier.

---++++ Not planned work
I propose that this release only contain these changes. No other big software updates, no Globus 4.2, no Condor 7.2, no Hadoop.

If this sounds disappointing, don't be disappointed: the VDT has gotten much better at making incremental updates. We'll continue to provide incremental updates we have a big one planned for early 2009), and this release will make continued incremental updates much easier. I do not think that this release will consume the VDT until May, so I expect that other software updates will happen in parallel in OSG 1.0.

---++++ Dates
mid-march: Release VDT 2.0.<br>
mid-march through end of May: ITB testing<br>
beginning of May: Release OSG 1.2 based on VDT 2.0<br>

Comments? Thoughts? More details needed?
</div>


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 20 Jan 2009
 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoordinatorsReviewBrief.ppt" attachment="AreaCoordinatorsReviewBrief.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1232583178" path="AreaCoordinatorsReviewBrief.ppt" size="157184" stream="AreaCoordinatorsReviewBrief.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp16667" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="areacoord-mc-tdh-01_22_2009.pdf" attachment="areacoord-mc-tdh-01_22_2009.pdf" attr="" comment="Storage Extensions" date="1232643342" path="areacoord-mc-tdh-01_22_2009.pdf" size="203409" stream="areacoord-mc-tdh-01_22_2009.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp11730" user="TedHesselroth" version="1"}%
