%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1267116135" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, Feb 25, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees


---++ Agenda

   * 1.1 Software - Alain Roy (confirmed)

   * 1.4 VO's - Abhishek Rana (confirmed)

   * 1.6 Campus Grids – Sebastien Goasguen (confirmed)

   * 1.7 Security – Mine Altunay (confirmed)

---++ 1.7 Security Report
   * The last security reports were on 10/29 and 8/20 
   * Top issues and ongoing work items 

      * IGTF new distribution layout md5 to sha-1 changes
         * Doug is testing our CA package generation scripts. We will make a ITB testing plan once we understand the new layout better.
      * Action Items from the ID mgmt workshop 
         * Working on easy-to-use certificate life cycle management tool on the desktop. Found some tools from European CAs, but none are complete. Evaluated Fermi's NetIDManager solution but it does not solve everything either. No plans for development or adopting a specific tool yet. Will work that later with STG once we come up with a more concrete plan
         * Worked with SBgrid to reduce their registration workflow. An 8-step process, we managed to eliminate couple steps. And have some more ideas to eliminate further
         * Examined Federated CAs and LIGO CAs. Understood LIGO CA is IGTF accreditation ready. 
         * Certificate issuance is too-heavy weight too-slow -- biggest complaint from the workshop. We installed monitoring of Agents behavior so we can understand where it bottlenecks. Had a series of meetings with all RA agents. Changed the process slightly to include the end user in the process. We are monitoring if Agents are following the changed process. Noticed Atlas agents are more inconsistent and slower than other VOs. Worked with BNL service desk to understand the reasons. Sponsor problems should be solved by Atlas since only they know who their sponsors are. relayed these to Hover. 
      * Follow up meeting to ID Mgmt Workshop at AHM
         * Ligo, CILogon, and ESNet are coming 
         * Have a session of Federated CAs. 
         * VO risk scenarios were asked at the last workshop. we will continue with those in this meeting. 
      * T3 support
         * Vulnerability detection at OS level is requested by Atlas and CMS T3 admins. Got a tool from EGEE, Pakiti and installed and configured for testing purposes. T3 admins liked the tools workings. Now we need to figure out how to do securely distribute the vulnerability reports to T3 sys admins. There is no feature doing that yet. But for now, v3 will hopefully do that. But now we think about setting automated emails to T3 admins. Nothing very fancy. We will check with Benjamin and Snihur if they find the outputs useful 
         * Documentation and communication with T3s are going well. We continue to call T3 admins for introducing ourselves and also work on a security best practices document for them. We attend T3 meetings and constantly communicate with Snihur and Benjamin
         * another software request: feature add-on to vdt-ca-manage tool. 2 days worth of work. 
   * Concerns:
      * We need to find a home for Pakiti server to live. We think about asking BNL and FNAL to provide this service. 
      * GUMS bug fixes and releases will not happen at least two more months 
      * Too many requests and work items popping up unexpectedly. Sent a list of WBS items vs ongoing work to EB for prioritization
      * Debian CA package, IGTF distribution, etc
      * CRL distribution problems bugged a lot of site admins. We found a solution, but that involves running a service. So we will postpone this for later. 

   * Items last reported: what happened to them
      * Security Announcement problem   -- completed. Contacts get the announcements, set up a security blog, and send the announcement to security contacts
      * Monitoring DOEGrids CA database for un-mitigated risks. Complete. We are monitoring the Agents behaviors. We did a audit of some agents and discovered they are not archiving the vetting trail as they should be. Changed the process to ensure they do it. 
      * Automated VO package updates: completed. tested in itb. 
      * ID mgmt workshops: Completed 
      * Tier 2 drills -- Completed. 
  
      


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 28 Jan 2010