%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobertEngel" date="1284041890" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, September 9th, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. & Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”


---+++ Attendees
To Follow

---++ Agenda


   * 1.4 VOs Group – Abhishek Rana

   * 1.5 Engagement - John McGee  _(confirmed)_

   * 1.7   Security – Mine Altunay  _(confirmed)_

   * 1.8   Content Management -  Robert Engel  _(confirmed)_

---++ 1.8 Content Management

We last reported on the project status during the _OSG Staff Retreat_ in July 2010.

---+++ Document Status

   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]] coordinated by [[Main.IwonaSakrejda][Iwona]]
   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Integration][Integration]] coordinated by [[Main.SuchandraThapa][Suchandra]]
   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Operations][Operations]] coordinated by [[Main.ElizabethChism][Elizabeth]]
   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Security][Security]] coordinated by [[Main.JamesBarlow][Jim]]
   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Storage][Storage]] coordinated by [[Main.TanyaLevshina][Tanya]]
   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Tier3][Tier3]] coordinated by [[Main.MarcoMambelli][Marco]]
   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/User][User]] coordinated by [[Main.DerekWeitzel][Derek]]
   * [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/VO][Virtual Organization]] coordinated by [[Main.AbhishekSinghRana][Abhishek]]

---+++ Project Status

All documentation areas but one continue to increase the quality of documents using the [[ReleaseDocumentation/DocHowTo#The_Documentation_Process][Document Process]]. The documentation area coordinators and the documentation architect [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebHome#Meetings][meet]] on a weekly basis to report on the progress and discuss any issues regarding documentation. The documentation architect joins individual project telecons (Security, Storage, VO Forum, ITB) on an as-needed basis to discuss documentation work with owners, reviewers and testers for documentation.

The Operations team recently replaced the hardware hosting the Twiki. Our benchmarks show that this increased the performance by a factor of 2 to 3 already. Scott Teige further suggested to test using a ramdisk hosting the Twiki data outside of a virtual machine. This is work in progress for September 2010 and is expected to increase the performance not unlike a SSD without additional costs.

The [[https://twiki-docteam.grid.iu.edu/bin/view][twiki-docteam]] was setup where I started to work on navigation. I got access to the main CSS style sheet and all LeftBars used for navigation. I reviewed the navigation concepts developed for each documentation area during the workshop in February and started to work on navigation on twiki-docteam.

The [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Operations][Operations]] area was recently created. [[Main.ElizabethChism][Elizabeth]] has identified 39 relevant documents and integrated them into the document process. She is currently the documentation area coordinator for Operations. We are looking forward for Elizabeth to join the Content Management Project by October 2010.

The [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Security][Security]] area made significant progress. Jim prepared a quick start tutorial which was well received by the members of the Security team. Documents are currently reviewed and some have been released. 

The [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Compute Element][Compute Element]] area is now coordinated by Iwona and made significant process ever since. She found document owners for all pending documents and is pushing the review and test cycle on each of them.

The [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/User][User]] area was coordinated by Derek. During his role as Summer Intern he helped progress the area to become the first area to complete the document process for all its documents. We are looking forward for Brian to replace Derek starting September 2010.

The [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/VO][Virtual Organization]] area made no progress at all since the _OSG Staff Retreat_ and is a major concern of mine. The documentation area coordinator is practically not existent for this area. The contribution has been minimal and unsatisfactory from the very beginning. Besides repeated promises from Abhishek no progress has been made. I have difficulties contacting him by phone and e-mail and have failed to setup a meeting that would resolve the issue.

---+++ Thoughts

A Collaborative Document Rating mechanism may be as useful to increase the quality of documentation as the document process already in place. The best person to make this happen would be [[Main.TimCartwright][Tim Cartwright]] with 1/10 FTE. Without a dedicated effort we will not be able to support document ratings.

Who could replace Abhishek as documentation area coordinator for the VO area? I suggest to include Marcia in finding a solution to this problem.



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 27 Aug 2010
