%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1274368172" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, May 20, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees

---++ Agenda

   * 1.4 VOs – Abhishek Rana _(confirmed)_

   * 1.5 Engagement - John McGee

   * 1.7 Security – Mine Altunay (confirmed) 

   * Plan for OSG Annual Report to NSF (June 2010) - Chander Sehgal
<div class="twikiConflict"><b>CONFLICT</b> original 3:</div>


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 10 May 2010<div class="twikiConflict"><b>CONFLICT</b> version 4:</div>


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 10 May 2010
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Plan_for_June_2010_OSG_NSF_Report.doc][Plan_for_June_2010_OSG_NSF_Report.doc]]: Plan for June 2010 OSG NSF Annual Report
<div class="twikiConflict"><b>CONFLICT</b> version new:</div>

---++ 1.7 Security
---+++Ongoing Items last reported on Feb25, 2010
<div class="twikiConflict"><b>CONFLICT</b> end</div>
   * The new certificate layout from IGTF. We made a plan for ITB testing. the new CA package have been created and put into ITB testing. It will be tested by the robot job submission system (panda). Currently, rsv and some cert scripts have been broken. 
   * Pakiti testing has been completed. The code that provides access control per sys admin is completed and tested. We are waiting to check out the official release version. We tested with the development repository. 
   * We held the successive ID Mgmt meeting at OSG All Hands Meeting. As a short term solution, we decided to prepare an OSG specific certificate request web page. We completed the page and we are testing the page on different browsers. We made a survey of RA Agents to understand desired features of the new page. As a result, we incorporated the VO specific sponsor information on the page. In the past, an end user was supposed to know this information and they struggled identifying their sponsors. Our next steps are to test the usability of the page with VO agents. If the results turn out to be positive, we will direct OSG users to this web page rather than DOEGrids web page. 
   * End-end authentication infrastructure. We started writing the authentication roadmap for the next cycle of the OSG. Met with CMS web group which is building an openID based solution. 
   * CRL distribution problem. FNAL is experimenting with running a central distribution server. We will wait until they gather some results. 
 
---+++ New issues
   * GUMS testing. Dave Stampf is coming to FNAL during the week June 21. I will also start building the code with Maven to understand the process. 
   * We are visiting SBgrid in June to work on their authentication infrastructure. We found ways to further reduce their registration workflow. 
   * Documentation work is continuing. Barlow is leading this effort
   * We performed a security audit of NEBioGrid per executive director's request. The results are published at docdb.  
   * A new security challenge is performed by EGEE against atlas infrastructure. We are working to understand what is tested and how. 


   
-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 10 May 2010

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Plan_for_June_2010_OSG_NSF_Report.doc" attachment="Plan_for_June_2010_OSG_NSF_Report.doc" attr="" comment="Plan for June 2010 OSG NSF Annual Report" date="1274368140" path="Plan for June 2010 OSG NSF Report.doc" size="29184" stream="Plan for June 2010 OSG NSF Report.doc" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp31448" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
