%META:TOPICINFO{author="KentBlackburn" date="1281561552" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Thursday, Aug 12, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | Noon Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 2222  |


---+++ Attendees


---++ Agenda


   * 1.0.2 Production Coordination – Dan Fraser

   * 1.0.3 Biology & Biomedical – Piotr Sliz

   * 1.0.4 LIGO Applications – Kent Blackburn
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.ppt][Powerpoint Slides]]
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.pdf][PDF Slides]]

   * 1.2 Operations – Rob Quick

---++ 1.2 Operations

---+++ Progress Since Last Report

   * Transitioning of Arvind out and Scott Teige into Operations is going smoothly. 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][SLAs]]
      * All IU based services are functioning under the posted SLAs
      * Working with FNAL and UCSD to put SLAs in place for their services
   * Ticketing 
      * New web services interface in place to GGUS and BNL and functioning very well.
      * FNAL still using mail exchange and still behaving poorly. Some progress is being made. 
   * BDII Service Alerts
      * BDII monitors are now alarming on Tier 1 resources or 10% of resources not reporting. 
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/ChangeMgmt][Change Management Plan]] - Loosely based on ITIL concepts.

---+++ Current Work Items 

   * Focus on Stable Core Service and Responsive Support
      * BDII does need an upgrade, we are trying to schedule this for fall, need stakeholder buy-in before proceeding
   * Daily WLCG Meetings
   * Rob will be away from August 16th to September 27th
      * Kyle Gross will handle all Support Issues
      * Scott Teige will handle all Core Infrastructure Services Issues
      * Fred Luehrigh will handle finance and HR issues

---+++ Issues Concerns

   * No SLA for CERN BDII. 
   * Expected Increase in Tickets with LHC has not been seen. 
      * Using increased effort to strengthen Infrastructure group

     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/Picture_3.png" alt="Picture_3.png" width='515' height='306' />    

-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 03 Aug 2010

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.ppt][LIGO_104-August10.ppt]]: LIGO 1.0.4 Slides

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGO_104-August10.pdf][LIGO_104-August10.pdf]]: LIGO 1.0.4 Slides (PDF)

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Picture_3.png" attachment="Picture_3.png" attr="" comment="" date="1281554158" path="Picture 3.png" size="60986" stream="Picture 3.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp28859" user="RobQ" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="LIGO_104-August10.ppt" attachment="LIGO_104-August10.ppt" attr="" comment="LIGO 1.0.4 Slides" date="1281561364" path="LIGO_104-August10.ppt" size="83456" stream="LIGO_104-August10.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp20521" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="LIGO_104-August10.pdf" attachment="LIGO_104-August10.pdf" attr="" comment="LIGO 1.0.4 Slides (PDF)" date="1281561424" path="LIGO_104-August10.pdf" size="60131" stream="LIGO_104-August10.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp20729" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
