%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1320261672" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Ruth Pordes - Cross Cutting Support

---+++ Attendees

---++ Agenda

---+++ 6.0 Overview of Cross Project Support - Ruth
---+++ 6.1 Project Management Processes - Chander/Gabriele
---+++ 6.2 Documentation Coordination - Jim

   * The Documentation Team has focused on creating/updating documentation for the upcoming RPM release(s) of OSG (called Release3)
   * Organized a 3-day [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam.RPMDocFest][DocFest]] to focus on critical documents for RPM
      * Attended by documentation team and several members of the software team (live or via teleconference)
      * Spent 1 hour at the beginning (and a checkpoint each day) reviewing task, approach, some standards, and partitioning work
      * All the rest of the time was spent in copying, moving, writing, updating, reviewing, and/or testing documents
      * Very successful - Alain liked it so much that he suggested we do it again (if needed)
   * Have now integrated the Documentation Team meeting with the Software Team meeting
      * More efficient since there is much overlap in membership
      * Only spending 10 minutes/week at the beginning of the Software Team meeting to coordinate documentation work
   * All the installation documents needed for the November 1 pre-release are reviewed and tested
   * Now moving on to documents for the next functional areas (like CE)
   * Navigation Pages have been started but are not complete

---+++ 6.3 Communications - Miriam

---+++ 6.4 Education - Tim

   * *OSG Schools.* In a nutshell, there has been little activity on this area due to (a) the Schools being far off yet, and (b) a lack of effort on Tim’s part. But, there are a few updates:
      * We have an independent analysis of the 2011 OSG Summer School evaluations, but there has not been time to collate them into a shareable document. It will be emailed to the group when available.
      * The video recordings from the 2011 School have not been converted or uploaded, and there is no immediate plan to do so.
      * Once there is time to work on the 2012 Schools, the top priorities will be (a) fleshing out a set of reasonable WBS entries, and (b) seeking funding for around $50K in participant support costs (35 students for the User School and 15 for the Admin School).
      * [Added after the meeting:] Jim organized and Tim ran [[Education/OSGSS2011Teleconference][a conference call]] of 2011 School mentors (4) and students (7). While not well attended, we did get interesting updates from the students who participated, plus an email update from one more student later.
   * Tim is presently teaching a 1-credit Computer Sciences course entitled “[[http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~cat/cs368-2011-3/][Introduction to Scripting for CHTC]]”. Some of its eventual materials may be useful to OSG Schools.
   * Tim and José are working on cleaning up the OSGEDU VO and keeping it tidy.

---+++ 6.5 International Outreach - Jose

   * Working with Jim to collect as much information as possible on how to create and manage a VO.  
      * This is intended to be useful for new groups with no experience and no one with the needed expertise around them.   
      * We have identified some links, and I have tried to contact some experts.   
      * All we have by now is here [free format]:  Education.VoCreation
   * The students exchange program is progressing. 
      * I got good input from the 3 facilities: !UoF, HMS, and GOC.   
      * I want to have all info from then in a few weeks and make a public announcement in Nov-Dec, before I leave for vacations.   
      * Current info can be found here: Education.ExchangeProgram.  
      * Will work with Ruth and Miriam (communications) for the official announcement. 
   * Possible OSG involvement in a Grid School in Ghana, August 2012.   
      * Still under discussion. We are still discussing the convenience of OSG getting involved in this activity.   
      * Horst Severini, Julia Gray (DOSAR) and myself had a meeting at CERN two weeks ago and talked about it.   We agreed that is condor is removed from the curriculum, them is hard to justify OSG involvement.    
      *We were talking about logistics, potential number of students and background/profile, local technical support, etc.  The plan:
         * Discuss again during the next DOSAR meeting next week.
         * DOSAR finally goes for it, Horst Severini volunteered to present it during the next OSG council meeting.
   * Cleaning up the OSGEDU VO.   
      * Tim has asked to remove all non US OSG staffs members from the VO.   
      * I sent a message to osg-americas mailing list with an announcement.   
      * Colombians already have an Educational VO registered in OIM, so they don't need the OSG one. Brazilians will have one very soon [see next item]
   * Future activities in Brazil:
      * People from Sao Paulo are in the process to apply for grants to their local funding agency to create a long term "Physics Instrumentation Program".      Grid Computing is part of this project.
      I passed them the layout of our last proposal to NSF, as well as some generic neutral paragraphs, to help them to order the ideas for their own proposal.
      * We have talked about the creation on a Brazilian Educational VO [see previous item]
      * We have talked about setting up an OSG ITB at Sao Paulo, which would contribute to test the new RPM packages and so on, and let the locals to get expertise quite fast. Suchandra is quite happy with the idea too.
   * Future activities in Colombia:
      * Colombia is doing well.      They have two generic VOs (equivalent to OSG VO and OSGEDU VO) registered in OIM.   Also ~10 sites are registered. They can be found here [several cities have two sites, so one need to zoom to see all of them]: [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/map?map_attrs_shownr=on&all_sites=on&active=on&active_value=1&disable_value=1&gridtype=on&gridtype_1=on#6.489983,-75.761719|6|Terrain][MyOSG Map]].
      * They are in the process of creating first real VO. It will focus on !BioInformatics.    If done, it will be the first single-purpose OSG VO outside US.   To help them with this we would need to finish item 1.

---+++ 6.6 Assessment - Rob
   * I have begun looking at tools and data collected by the [[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org][OSG Jira system]] as input to Assessment analysis
   * Two dashboards have been created: one for Software (including Gratia), the other for Operations. Both of these OSG communities seem to have taken to Jira, and the data collected there provides a window into those activities.
   * Of course the data is only a rough digitization of the true activity as not everything gets captured in the system, and being relatively new and without project-guidance & policy, there will be uneven interaction from the participants. 
   * Below is a portion of the Software Assessment dashboard <br /> %BR%
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/screenshot_01.png" alt="screenshot_01.png" width='500' height='325' />    %BR% %BR%
   * which with the above caveat provides an interesting window into workload distribution among staff and others, eg. those with active tickets in Software currently:<br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/screenshot_07.png" alt="screenshot_07.png" width='400' height='300' />    
   * Another is Created vs. Resolved issues which seems revealing: this gives an indication of the work backlog in Software, and the steady progress against it.  There are episodic changes in slope, but importantly the slopes of created and resolved tend to be the same meaning new work is being taken but not without old work getting resolved.
   * The changes in slope represent either productivity bursts or more difficult issues, especially in September. <br /> %BR%
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/screenshot_04.png" alt="screenshot_04.png" width='400' height='300' />    %BR%
   * Compare same from the Operations Assessment dashboard: <br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/screenshot_06.png" alt="screenshot_06.png" width='400' height='300' />    %BR%
   * Impression that some customization of issue fields would be helpful to get more meaningful charts, and to simplify interactions.
   * Can we inject into the Jira schema *new fields which relate to strategic planning and goals*, and use the utilities built-in to create scorecards?


%BR%
-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 05 Oct 2011


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="screenshot_01.png" attachment="screenshot_01.png" attr="" comment="" date="1320207978" path="screenshot_01.png" size="169799" stream="screenshot_01.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56779" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="screenshot_04.png" attachment="screenshot_04.png" attr="" comment="" date="1320208955" path="screenshot_04.png" size="59038" stream="screenshot_04.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56729" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="screenshot_06.png" attachment="screenshot_06.png" attr="" comment="" date="1320209764" path="screenshot_06.png" size="60537" stream="screenshot_06.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56677" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="screenshot_07.png" attachment="screenshot_07.png" attr="" comment="" date="1320210312" path="screenshot_07.png" size="57370" stream="screenshot_07.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56655" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
