%META:TOPICINFO{author="DanFraser" date="1305741206" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Wednesday, May 18th , 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. & Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees

---++ Agenda

   * 2.4 [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Management/20110518AgendaMinutes/20110518-OSG-JZ.pdf][Internet 2]] - Jason Zurawski

   * 3.3 [[%ATTACHURL%/Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_18may2011.pdf][ Project Management]] - Chander Sehgal

   * 1.0.1 Software Tools Group - Alain Roy, Mine Altunay

   * 1.0.2 Production - Dan Fraser

   * Any New Business - All


---++ 1.0.1 Software Tools Group

We last presented at the [[20110223AgendaMinutes][February 23rd Area Coordinators Meeting]].

---+++ What is running significantly late and therefore needs attention?

We have no significant worries about items from the WBS running late and needing extra attention. That said, I would like to note developments with GUMS:

1.0.1.3.4 Work with GUMS team to build and distribute from source<br>
1.0.1.3.5 Work with GUMS team to improve testing<br>
This is nearly done! John Hover has nearly completed the upcoming release of GUMS. We are building it and it will go to the ITB soon. This is very good news because it means that John can maintain the code and we can distribute it. We had a few minor issues in building it, but John has been very helpful.

---+++ What WBS items have been completed

Most items are "ongoing oversight", so there are generally not completed items. That said, we are nearly done with the GUMS build (see above). 

---+++ What WBS items need to be added/removed and why

This is from the last area coordinator meeting where we presented. I was on vacation and didn't hear a follow up. What is the resolution?

<blockquote>
1.0.1.3.6 Work with Gratia team on improved unit testing<br>
We are unaware of any available effort for this item. Should we keep it on the WBS so we don't forget it, or should it be dropped? If we should keep this item, how should we go about finding effort for this?  
</blockquote>



%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="20110518-OSG-JZ.pdf" attachment="20110518-OSG-JZ.pdf" attr="" comment="Presentation from Internet2 for Area Coordination" date="1305556890" path="20110518-OSG-JZ.pdf" size="603200" stream="20110518-OSG-JZ.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp42680" user="JasonZurawski" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_18may2011.pdf" attachment="Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_18may2011.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1305659753" path="Proj Mgmt Area Update 18may2011.pdf" size="117515" stream="Proj Mgmt Area Update 18may2011.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp37463" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoordMay2011.pdf" attachment="AreaCoordMay2011.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1305741206" path="AreaCoordMay2011.pdf" size="2805167" stream="AreaCoordMay2011.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp35600" user="DanFraser" version="1"}%
