%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466100393" format="1.1" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---++ Attendees
Ruth Pordes, Chander Sehgal, Brian Bockelman, Gabriele Garzoglio, Alain Roy, Rob Quick, Mine Altunay, Dan Fraser

---++ Follow-up Action Items

   * Need to setup a peer review of Public storage proposal within OSG - Levshina
   * Re-energize the quarterly Trash/Blueprint meetings  - Bockelman/Hover
   * Clarify requirements for the ATLAS request called "Make OSG more HTTP friendly"; don't proceed to any real work till requirements are documented and approved - Bockelman


---++ Technology Area Update - Brian Bockelman


---++ Stakeholder Request System Update - Gabriele Garzoglio

   * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030


-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 14 Nov 2011

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoordinators-Technology-20111130.pptx" attachment="AreaCoordinators-Technology-20111130.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1322682746" path="AreaCoordinators-Technology-20111130.pptx" size="51034" stream="AreaCoordinators-Technology-20111130.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp28459" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
