%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobertEngel" date="1303318382" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Wednesday, April 20th, 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. & Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees

---++ Agenda


   * 1.5 Engagement - John McGee _confirmed_

   * 1.8 Content Management - Robert Engel

   * 2.1 [[20110420osgscal][Scalability, Rliability, Software Certification and Usability - Igor Sfiligoi]]

   * 2.2 Workload and Management Systems - Maxim Potekhin

   * Any New Business - All

---++ Meeting Minutes

---++ 1.8 Content Management - Robert Engel

   * also see [[OSGReports/UpdateWbs][WBS Section 1.8]]

---++ 1.8.1.1 Run Weekly Meetings

   * no meeting since AHM 2011 due to time constraints (sick, vacation)
   * weekly meetings will begin again this week with 3 out of 9 documentation area coordinators (CE, Operations, VO)

---++ 1.8.2.2 Complete testing an effective "user" search for Documentation 

   * we have a [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocFind][prototype]] running for a long time to query documents integrated into the process
   * effective Google search depends on moving all relevant documents into the [[ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][Release Documentation Web]] and masking all other documents from Google
   * navigation is more effective and should be done first

---++ 1.8.2.4 Participate planning support for new content management infrastructure for OSG Prime

   * Jim Weichel contributed to the effort

---++ 1.8.2.5 Provide effective navigation 

   * [[https://twiki-docteam.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][prototype] was developed before the AHM 2011
   * I was very buys since the AHM 2011 to complete work on E@OSG 1.5.x that was delayed since January 2010 due to work on documentation
   * I'll finish and deploy the new navigation on the production using 100% of my time during the next couple of weeks

---++ 1.8.2.6 Provide Collaborative Document Rating for Twiki 

   * should be dropped from WBS
   * I suggested Tim Cartwright to provide 1/10 FTE effort to contribute to document rating, we do not have enough FTEs to complete this item

---++ 1.8.2.8 Complete Review and Test of Documentation under Content Mgmt Control, Provide Release

   * this item is 72% complete by today
   * the deadline for this item was repeatedly shifted to later dates
   * main problems are slow progress in CE and VO area
   * the partition into 1/10 FTE is problematic, because documentation area coordinators do not keep a count on this small amount of time
   * we only receive minimal support from the OSG community for this community project ( no feedback on OSG newsletter, very few volunteers )
   * suggest to reduce number of people involved, but increase to full-time FTEs preferably on the same location for OSG Prime

| *Area*  | *Coordinator* | *Documents* | *Reviewed* | *Tested* | *Released* | *Completed* |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/ComputeElement][Compute Element]]  | Main.SuchandraThapa |  72 |  39 |  17/28 |  33 |  46% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Storage][Storage]]  | Main.TanyaLevshina |  41 |  35 |  21/25 |  36 |  88% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Security][Security]]  | Main.JamesBarlow |  35 |  35 |  8/8 |  35 |  100% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/General][General]]  | Main.RobertEngel |  52 |  48 |  4/5 |  48 |  92% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Tier3][Tier3]]  | Main.MarcoMambelli |  26 |  10 |  4/6 |  18 |  69% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Operations][Operations]]  | Main.ElizabethChism |  17 |  12 |  10/15 |  12 |  71% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/VO][VO]]  | Main.TerrenceMartin |  22 |  2 |  4/7 |  3 |  14% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/User][User]]  | Main.BrianBockelman |  20 |  17 |  11/13 |  19 |  95% |
| [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/Integration][Integration]]  | Main.SuchandraThapa |  4 |  4 |  1/1 |  4 |  100% |
| All  |  |  289 |  202 |  80/108 |  208 |  72% |


---++ 1.8.2.9 Integrate Document Release Process into OSG Software Release Process 

   * depends on completion of 1.8.2.8
   * project only has minimal support from Integration Team already

---++ 1.8.2.10 Evaluate Documentation Improvements

   * run usability test with Jim Weichel on AHM 2011, which showed that reviewed and tested documents may work well on their own, but fail as part of a simple user task. 
   * we plan to run small scale usability tests as soon as Navigation is finished
   * first within the documentation group
   * later with volunteers from the OSG community
 

-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 07 Apr 2011
