%META:TOPICINFO{author="MineAltunay" date="1302043171" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Wednesday, April 6th, 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. & Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees

---++ Agenda

   * 1.4 VOs & Users – Chander Sehgal _(confirmed)_

   * 1.5 Engagement - John McGee

   * 1.6 Campus Grids & Sites – Dan Fraser, Marco Mambelli

   * 1.7	Security – Mine Altunay

   * Any New Business - All

---++ Meeting Minutes

---+++Security -- Mine Altunay

---++++ Items From Last Meeting
   * Registration Agent transition to Alain Deximo. We have successfully completed the transition. Since December, Alain has been managing the RA alone with some occasional help from Doug. We did not have any major problems. Alain completed a full documentation of all the RA responsibilities and duties. The next step is to train a back up person at GOC and mesaure the effectiveness of the documentation. 

   * IGTF has switched to the new certificate format. We decided to stick with the old format. The test of the modified software and the new layout has been long before completed in ITB. However, since we do not have all flavors and versions of OSG components in ITB, we started organizing a test of the certificates on production machines. This work is coordinated among software, operations, ITB folks. We are waiting for approval/results from other teams. 
   * We completed updating the contact information of all our security contacts.  
   * We completed the documentation project. WBS item 1.7.5.5.
 
---++++ New Items

   * OSG proposal preparation, rehearsal review, winter holidays took a long chunk of our effort. Moreover, Anand took two month leave (1 month vacation and almost another month for his visa issues). This significantly stalled our progress on security test and controls. 

   * Continuous operational items. Vulnerability watch/incident response has continued. We had various items: Japanese CA outages, DOEGrid CA outage, glexec vulnerability, dcache vulnerability, routime OS-vulnerabilities and so on. We had continuous attacks from the ssh vector. (WBS item 1.7.1.1)

   * Completed the user training at AHM. Security surveys are sent to site security contacts before during and after the AHM. (WBS item 1.7.5.3)

   * DOEgrids CA notified us to make a switch to a new version of the software. This would significantly affect the RA service run by DOEGrids CA and used by OSG RAs. We evaluated their test instances and wrote a report on our needs. They responded well to our requests and promised to consider them while building the service. This work item has been stalled per Executive Team recommendation. Also DOEGrids also stalled due to their other operational problems. (WBS item 1.7.1.3.2) 

   * CILogon had been resumed for a while. The security team completed the assessment. We presented it to outside parties for recommendation such as Fermilab security team. The work has been frozen as the higher priority work items has taken its place. (WBS item 1.7.2.1)
 
   * We resumed our work on security test and controls with ET approval. Our first goal is to create a plan on executing the controls. (WBS item 1.7.1.1.4)
   * We also started work on creating a big-picture security document that relates our activities to security lifecycle planning. 
   * We started and made significant progress on documentation for end user  management of X.509 credentials. We generated a first draft and sent to SBGrid for feedback. (WBS item 1.7.5.4)

---++++ Incomplete stalled WBS items
   *  

 

-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 25 Mar 2011
