%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1298491332" format="1.1" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Wednesday, February 23rd, 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 1 pm Central | 11 am Pacific |

1. Dial Toll-Free Number: 866-740-1260 (U.S. & Canada) 

2. Participants enter your access code: 8405618, followed by “#”

---+++ Attendees
Mine Altunay, Robert Engel, Kent Blackburn, John McGee, Brian Bockelman, Dan Fraser and Chander Sehgal
---++ Agenda

   * 3.3  [[%ATTACHURL%/Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_22feb2011.pdf][Project Management]] – Chander Sehgal 
   * 1.0.2  Production – Dan Fraser    
   * 1.0.4 (CORRECTION)  [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/twiki/pub/Management/20110223AgendaMinutes/LIGOapplications_ACM.pdf][LIGO Applications]] - Kent Blackburn  
   * 1.0.1. Software Tools Group - Alain Roy, Mine Altunay
   * Any New Business - All

---++ 1.0.1 Software Tools Group

Alain gives his apologies--he is on vacation. Mine is presenting in his absence. 

We last presented at the [[20101117AgendaMinutes][November 17th Area Coordinators Meeting]].

---+++ What is running significantly late and therefore needs attention?

We have no significant worries about items from the WBS running late and needing extra attention. That said, I would like to note a few particular items:

1.0.1.1.2 OIM development<br>
OIM is in maintenance mode and does not need significant new oversight from us right now. Please let us know if we are mistaken.

1.0.1.3.3 Work with RSV team on improved testing<br> 
We did a release two weeks ago.  This release had two major components : rsv-control tool and the new probes. The new probes are donated by various parties. for example, we get new storage probes, information services probes from Brian and some updated security probes from Anand (necessary for certificate layout changes). This release showed that we need to improve our testing procedures in the ITB, specifically to make sure that RSV is still reporting correctly to MyOSG. We updated our testing process to incorporate this new test. 

1.0.1.3.4 Work with GUMS team to build and distribute from source<br>
1.0.1.3.5 Work with GUMS team to improve testing<br>
These items are running late but in the hands of the GUMS developers. They have had a labor shortage, but John Hover says they have hired someone new to work on GUMS as of March 15th. In addition, John has been getting up to speed on GUMS himself, so we no longer rely on a single person. We expect progress on this item, but not immediately. 

---+++ What WBS items have been completed

Most items are "ongoing oversight", so there won't be many completed items. That said, the following item has been completed:

1.0.1.3.1 Work with Bestman team to build and distribute from source

This is only true for Bestman 2 (not Bestman), but we expect stakeholders to gradually migrate from Bestman to Bestman 2. 

---+++ What WBS items need to be added/removed and why

1.0.1.3.6 Work with Gratia team on improved unit testing<br>
WE are unaware of any available effort for this item. Should we keep it on the WBS so we don't forget it, or should it be dropped? If we should keep this item, how should we go about finding effort for this?  

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/LIGOapplications_ACM.pdf][LIGOapplications_ACM.pdf]]: WBS 1.0.4 Summary

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_22feb2011.pdf][Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_22feb2011.pdf]]: Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_22feb2011.pdf

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="LIGOapplications_ACM.pdf" attachment="LIGOapplications_ACM.pdf" attr="" comment="WBS 1.0.4 Summary" date="1298408787" path="LIGOapplications_ACM.pdf" size="52802" stream="LIGOapplications_ACM.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp31910" user="KentBlackburn" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_22feb2011.pdf" attachment="Proj_Mgmt_Area_Update_22feb2011.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1298432892" path="Proj Mgmt Area Update 22feb2011.pdf" size="115367" stream="Proj Mgmt Area Update 22feb2011.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp35438" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
