%META:TOPICINFO{author="GabrieleGarzoglio" date="1343243133" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

---+++ Production - Dan Fraser
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Area_Coordinators_Production_July_25-2012.ppt][Area_Coordinators_Production_July_25-2012.ppt]]: 

---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser
---+++ Operations - Rob Quick

[[OpsACReport][Operations Report]]

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Discuss Production area requests:
   * Due in 4 weeks:
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-23
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-24

   * With complete requirement but uncheanged for 1 month (expect plan)
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-37

   * Accepted but unchanged for 2 months (expect requirements)
      * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-21
-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 01 Jun 2012
Area_Coordinators_Production_July_25-2012.ppt

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Area_Coordinators_Production_July_25-2012.ppt" attachment="Area_Coordinators_Production_July_25-2012.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1343243102" path="Area Coordinators Production July 25-2012.ppt" size="1483264" stream="Area Coordinators Production July 25-2012.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp38164" user="GabrieleGarzoglio" version="1"}%
