%META:TOPICINFO{author="GabrieleGarzoglio" date="1339012194" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Mine, Brian, Alain, Rob, Gabriele

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items
   * Security Blog should be aggregated with the other OSG blogs.
   * Phase out old CA layout to be compatible with SHA2 requirement: need more discussions with Alain.
   * IGTF attribute management document: need to present this to OSG PI.

---+++ Security Update - Mine Altunay
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord_6_6_2012.pptx][Security Report for 6/6/2012]]

---+++ Notes
Mine presents work in security area

- Software vulnerability / incidents.
DOD attack from EGI: one of 1st incidents using Grid resources.

12 vulnerability assessed and announced. Keeping blog up to date with those.
Is it aggregated with the other GOC blogs?
No, it should. Rob: open a GOC ticket with info.

Drills: send a job that is pretended to be malicious. Discuss with site expected reactions. Training experience. T3 are welcoming of this activity. Anand work on this.

- Ongoing work: operational security
Participating in the XSEDE incident response: very useful. Evaluating benefits of security operations call.

Collecting all DN used for pilot jobs, to identify them. Considering to ask pilot submitter to use that identity only for pilots.

How it takes to generate CRL: DOEGrids takes longer than allowed. Keeping this in mind for !DigiCert.
CRL changes may lag behind when a end-user requests to revoke a certificate.

New project: phase out old CA layout to be compatible with SHA2 requirement. Need more discussions with Alain.

IGTF All Hands: new document on VO  policy for assigning and managing attributes. For VOMS, these are general attributes and group and roles.
Are we going to ask that a VO get IGTF accreditation? What if a VO is not?
There won't be a formal accreditation process at this time. In the future, there may be restrictions for submitting jobs to international institutions or external grids.

- WBS
need to update personnel

- Other
Kevin Hill ramped up. Marko ramped down.

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzogio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Can pending REQUESTS-43 (CVMFS for CMS) be part of REQUESTS-37 (CVMFS for OSG and Intensity Frontier)?
They are separate requests.

-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 06 Jun 2012 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoord_6_6_2012.pptx" attachment="AreaCoord_6_6_2012.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1338931350" path="AreaCoord_6_6_2012.pptx" size="59334" stream="AreaCoord_6_6_2012.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp17594" user="MineAltunay" version="1"}%
