%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1327463575" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---++ Follow-up Action Items

---++ Stakeholder Request System Update - Gabriele Garzoglio

---++ Software Update - Alain Roy

%RED% This is half-written, will be done soon./%ENDCOLOR%

I last presented at the [[20111026AgendaMinutes][October 26th, 2011 Area Coordinator Meeting]]

---+++ Status & Accomplishments

   * The initial RPM transition has been completed. [[Documentation.Release3.ReleaseNotes][Release Notes]] We have shipped the CE, SE (Bestman/Xrootd/HDFS), RSV, Client, Worker Node Client, VOMS, and glexec.
   * Alex Sim and his team are no longer supporting Bestman 2 for OSG as of December, 2011. Neha Sharma is the primary support in OSG and Doug Strain is the backup. 

---+++ Open Issues

*Bestman2*: how do we maintain Bestman? patching? 

*Support*: [[SoftwareTeam.TransitionToGocTicket][plan]]

*GOC Training*: goal, rough plan...

*SHA-2 transition*:<br>
I've taken over the SHA-2 transition from the security team because it's mostly a software issue. (The security team will consult.) The [[SoftwareTeam.Sha2Support][SHA-2 plan is being developed]].

As of January 2012, all certificates in use in OSG (CA, host, user, and proxy) certificates use SHA-1 or MD5 as their signing algorithm. In the near future (where "near" is being defined), the Certificate Authorities will begin using SHA-2 as their signing algorithm. To ensure we are ready, we need to verify that all software we provide works with MD5, SHA-1 and SHA-2. If any software is not ready, it must be updated. If we are unable to update, we need to find workarounds or delay the transition to SHA-2.

Our biggest known problem is jGlobus, which is used by dCache and Bestman. The new version of jGlobus (currently in beta) support SHA-2 but does not support legacy or pre-RFC proxies and may not support httpg. I am organize a meeting with developers from Globus, Bestman, and dCache to understand our path forward.

*Usability Testing of BOSCO*

*Requests from stakeholders*: <br>
   * [CMS] Resolve GUMS problem in which it does not get multiple DNs per user from VOMS Admin 2.6
   * [CMS] Scientific Linux 6 support by end of February. Some initial prototyping has been done by Derek Wright and the results are promising. We have a [[SoftwareTeam.SL6Support][developing plan]]
   * [CMS] Add GUMS and Gratia Collector to OSG Software 3
   * [CMS] Eventually add CVMFS, new HDFS, and update to latest versions of other software such as lcg-utils. 
   * [ATLAS] No feedback yet, still waiting. 

*Improving effort tracking*<br>
I have been working with Brooklin Gore from the UW-Madison to improve how we track effort. This is in progress and not complete. I've begun by defining the questions I would like to answer. They include:
   * How much did project X cost?
   * How do I estimate the effort required to do a project?
   * What size does the OSG Software Team need to be?
   * When someone asks for a new project, how can I understand the implications of taking on that work?
   * How much time do we spend on support vs. development vs. management?

---+++ Followup on action items

From the last Area Coordinators meeting, I had two action items:

1. _Alain to send staffing metrics to Ruth and Miron (for last month and future)_
This was done. They will have the December staffing metrics shortly. 

2. _Alain to work with Neha's management at Fermilab to confirm her job assignments in the software team_
I communicated with Gabriele, and I believe this is settled. 





-- Main.ChanderSehgal - 24 Jan 2012
