%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1329340240" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Mine, Chander, Alain, Brian, Rob Q, Ruth, Dan

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

   * Tanya to convene a "re-group" discussion with the team (include Brian & Chander) on Public Storage with iRODS; show demonstrable milestones and “end-game” for wrapping up the current project. 

   * Brian to provide full prioritized list of blueprint work to be reviewed with OSG-ET

   * Brian to clarify and re-focus the VM/Cloud work at BNL

---+++ Technology Investigation Area Report - Brian Bockelman
See attached file below.


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 27 Jan 2012

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoordinatorsFeb15.pptx" attachment="AreaCoordinatorsFeb15.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1329332914" path="AreaCoordinatorsFeb15.pptx" size="52217" stream="AreaCoordinatorsFeb15.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56777" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
