%META:TOPICINFO{author="ShawnMcKee" date="1354114671" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] and candidate Newsletter Articles

Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Network Monitoring - Shawn !McKee
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf]]: Network AC Update

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 01 Oct 2012

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf" attachment="OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf" attr="h" comment="Network AC Update" date="1354114591" path="OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf" size="225886" stream="OSG-AC-Nov12-Networking.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp40176" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
