%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1339619151" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Mine, Chander, Gabriele, Brian, Dan, Lothar

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

---+++ Technology Update - Brian Bockelman
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/TechAreaCoordinatorsJune13.pdf][Technology Area Update as of June 13]]

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio
Follow up on accepted requests more than 8 weeks old in the technology area

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-26

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-27

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 13 Jun 2012



%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoordinatorsJune13.pptx" attachment="AreaCoordinatorsJune13.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1339614114" path="AreaCoordinatorsJune13.pptx" size="54358" stream="AreaCoordinatorsJune13.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp33056" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="TechAreaCoordinatorsJune13.pdf" attachment="TechAreaCoordinatorsJune13.pdf" attr="" comment="Technology Area Update" date="1339617122" path="TechAreaCoordinatorsJune13.pdf" size="49315" stream="TechAreaCoordinatorsJune13.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp52593" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
