%META:TOPICINFO{author="GabrieleGarzoglio" date="1331152062" format="1.1" reprev="1.7" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico


---+++ Follow-up Action Items

---+++ OSG PKI Project Briefing for OSG Area Coordinatoris - Von Welch (15 minutes)

   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/DigiCertPlanningDevAndImplementation
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/DigiCertPilotProject (restricted access to the Security group)
   * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Security/OSGCATransition2012

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzogio
   
Discussion on idle OSG stakeholder requests
   * http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 07 Mar 2012
