%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1330472903" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
&#63235;---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---++ Attendees

---++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]]  
Jemise will update Indico

---++ Follow-up Action Items
 
---++ Software Report - Alain Roy

Last report to the Area Coordinator Meeting [[20120125AgendaMinutes][January 25, 2012]]

---+++ Status & Accomplishments

Highlights from the last five weeks:

   * *Improved Support:* The OSG Software Team now has a clear, shared support triage process and has unified on using the GOC ticket system.
      * [[SoftwareTeam.SoftwareSupport][Ticket handling process]]
      * [[SoftwareTeam.TriageDuty][Triage duty roster]]
      * [[SoftwareTeam.TransitionToGocTicket][Completed plan]]
   * *Scientific Linux 6 Support:* Yesterday we released the OSG Worker Node on Scientific Linux 6. 

We have made five software releases since the last meeting!

   1. OSG 3.0.6: Updated to Globus 5.2.0 (final) and miscellaneous bug fixes
   1. OSG 3.0.7: Primarily update to new CA certificates, minor bug fixes
   1. OSG 3.0.8: Primarily SL6 support for worker node, bug fixes
   1. OSG 1.2.27 (Pacman): Urgent security update
   1. OSG 1.2.28 (Pacman): Urgent security update

While it's good that we can release quickly, we risk user fatigue. I would prefer to make releases less frequently, on the order of once a month. Three of the update above were driven by security concerns (security updates & CA certificates), so the quantity of releases was somewhat out of our control.

We [[Production.Feb28%2c2012ProductionMeeting][12 Compute Elements]] using the new OSG Software 3.0 release. 

---+++ Areas of Focus

These are the same areas that I reported on last time. That's good: these are still our areas of focus.

*1. Support for sites and VOs as they deploy the new OSG Software 3 release:* <br>
We continue to have a light support load, but there have been issues that we've been working on. My understanding is that a lot of user support is being handled within the VOs. 

*2. Transitioning software to RPMs that is missing:* <br>
GUMS is fully packaged, but our testing revealed a significant problem (large memory leak). John Hover has been working to fix the problem. We believe that once this is fixed it will proceed to testing. 

We have not worked with Tanya on packaging the Gratia services. 

*3. Scientific Linux 6 support:* <br>
CMS has asked for Scientific Linux 6 support by the end of February. Yesterday's release, OSG 3.0.8, added this support. In order to do it right, we did a lot of internal work on testing. We have:
   * Expanded our set of testing computers to include SL6
   * Improved our infrastructure to better report test results (still in progress, should be done this week)
 
Soon we will expand out set of platforms to test against pre-releases of the OS. 

We are now beginning to plan the remainder of the work for Scientific Linux 6 support. 

*4. SHA-2 transition*: <br>
Since we last met, I organized a meeting to discuss jGlobus support. Globus, dCache, and Bestman developers attended. There are lots of details, but two main points stand out:

   1. If we want support for jGlobus, it will need to become a community effort. There is not expertise within the Argonne team to maintain it or fix problems, though they are willing to do basic work, such as cut releases.
   1. dCache and jGlobus have nearly identical code for using jGlobus. dCache developers have volunteered to dig into the integration with jGlobus 2.0 to understand what is missing and estimate how much work is before us. They asked for a month to do that work, and that month is nearly complete. I will be in touch with them soon.

*5. Improving Support*: <br>
Last time, I had made [[SoftwareTeam.TransitionToGocTicket][a proposal for improving our support]]. This proposal has been fully implemented now. 

Every week, a different person on the OSG Software Team takes on triage duty. They are responsible for watching the incoming software tickets and either handling them directly or assigning them to the right person on the team. 

So far, this has been working well. We are watching tickets and following through on them. 

*6. Improving effort tracking:* <br>


---++ Stakeholder Requests Update - Gabriele Garzoglio
