%META:TOPICINFO{author="AlainRoy" date="1338393560" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---++ Attendees

---++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---++ Follow-up Action Items

---++ Software - Alain Roy

My previous report to the Area Coordinators was [[20120426AgendaMinutes][April 25, 2012]].

Highlights since the last report:

   * [[Documentation.Release3.ReleaseNotes][Three minor releases] (3.1.1, 3.1.2, 3.1.3) that addressed bugs, not new features. Each release has featured Globus GRAM bug fixes. 
   * [[http://research.cs.wisc.edu/condor/CondorWeek2012/][Condor Week 2012]]
   * [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1108][CHEP 2012: paper]]
   * Testing improvments.

---+++ Planning: Short-term

We're in a bit of a lull. Due to distractions from Condor Week and CHEP, we don't have a clear set of objectives for the next couple of releases. I am resolving this problem this week. We are likely to focus on an end of June release that would contain:

   * Globus GRAM updates (these may be released earlier, if available)
   * Software updates
      * Condor 7.8.0
      * GUMS (simplify installation, not changes to GUMS)
      * Select upgrades from EMI-2? 
   * CernVMFS client (Question for the audience: state of requirements for the server?)

---+++ Planning: Long-term 

Some notable extracts from our planning for next year. 

   * CREAM: I talked to Michael Ernst and John Hover, and ATLAS still definitely wants this
   * "post-gram" work based on technology group's recommendations
   * Testing:
      * Expand test suite coverage
      * Oversee and maintain the integration testbed
      * Improve test harness driver
      * Improve control over sequencing of tests
   * Evaluations (Ongoing, Sfiligoi)  Evaluations are as-needed and likely include:
      * Condor 7.8.x readiness
      * BOSCO v1 and v2 readiness
      * Bestman with SHA-2 support readiness
      * GlideinWMS, evaluate readiness of new versions
      * Others, TBD
   * Upgrade to HDFS 0.2.3 for CMS.
   * Add Pakiti (security team request)
   * Campus Grid support:
      * Update to Condor 7.8.x
      * Add BOSCO v1 (June)
      * Update to BOSCO v2 (December)
   * Add DigiCert command-line tools (August)
   * Non-RPM worker node
   * SHA-2 transition
      * Complete testing of non-Bestman software (TBD, July)
      * Update Bestman to work with SHA-2 (Sharma/Strain, December)
   * Configuration management 
      * Write proposal for alternative configuration management (Cartwright, September)
      * Expand work plan appropriately (Roy, September)

---+++ Testing

We've been making steady progress in improving our testing framework. Recently we have been focused on reporting results clearly so that we can understand what has happened with our increasingly large set of tests. 

You can see the latest test results at: http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/software_testing/results/ We're having infrastructure problems with Red Hat installations, so unfortunately we have to ignore that for now.

---+++ OSG User School

The [[Education.OSGUserSchool2012][OSG User School]] is coming together well. Students have been accepted and their travel logistics have been completed. Tim is finalizing the agenda. The instructors are:

   * Alain Roy (Local HTC with Condor)
   * Igor Sfiligoi (Distributed HTC with GlideinWMS)
   * Derek Weitzel (Storage)
   * Greg Thain (Turning science workflows into grid jobs)
   * ??? (Security)

Alain is working with local support staff to set up the local infrastructure to support the school. 

Tim and Greg are working on some new ideas for structuring the portion of the school that focuses on turning science workflows into grid jobs. This year we'll be doing less lecture and more hands-on scenarios. Students will form small groups and engage with a "scientists" (aka school staff member) to turn their science job into a grid workflow. The science job will be based on a real job done in the Spalding lab here at the UW-Madison. 

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzogio




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 18 Apr 2012
