%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1329168670" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Ruth, Jim, Chander, Alain, Rob Q, Brian, Rob G, Dan Fraser

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

   * Feb 23rd/24th at Fermilab - management discussion of Assessment and Campus Grids plans. No url  or agenda for the meeting
   * When will we have the next blueprint dates? 
   * July 16-20 XSEDE12 Annual Meeting

---+++ Follow-up Action Items
 
1) Chander to confirm dates for "final" annual reports to NSF and DOE.

2) Alain (and Chander) to determine if we need to setup periodic calls with other key software suppliers; specifically GLExec and EMI.

---+++ Cross-Cutting Support Area Report - Ruth Pordes
  * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx][AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx]]: !AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 27 Jan 2012
 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx" attachment="AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1328722988" path="AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx" size="66313" stream="AreaCoord_Cross-Project-Support.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp3085" user="RuthPordes" version="1"}%
