%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1340825058" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

Gabriele, Rob Quick, Dan, Chander

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

---+++ User Support - Chander Sehgal

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/User_Support_Report_27june2012.pdf][User Support Area Status - June 27, 2012]]


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/NewOSGUser.pdf][Draft of New User Documentation at OSG Home Page link to New Users]]


---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio





-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 18 Apr 2012



%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="User_Support_Report_27june2012.pdf" attachment="User_Support_Report_27june2012.pdf" attr="" comment="User Support Area Status - June 27, 2012" date="1340822679" path="User Support Report 27june2012.pdf" size="187784" stream="User Support Report 27june2012.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp25301" user="ChanderSehgal" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="NewOSGUser.pdf" attachment="NewOSGUser.pdf" attr="" comment="Draft of New User Documentation at OSG Home Page link to New Users" date="1340822904" path="NewOSGUser.pdf" size="544977" stream="NewOSGUser.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp20304" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
