%META:TOPICINFO{author="GabrieleGarzoglio" date="1340219059" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]] 
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Follow-up Action Items

---+++ Production - Dan Fraser
---+++ Campus Grids - Dan Fraser
---+++ Operations - Rob Quick
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord_6_20_Ops_Quick.pptx][Operations]]
---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio
No issues for this meeting




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 18 Apr 2012


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoord_6_20_Ops_Quick.pptx" attachment="AreaCoord_6_20_Ops_Quick.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1340210771" path="AreaCoord_6_20_Ops_Quick.pptx" size="53150" stream="AreaCoord_6_20_Ops_Quick.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp41036" user="RobQ" version="1"}%
