%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1363806596" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ Operations - Rob Quick

---++++ Update on Key Initiatives

   1 %RED% Provide OSG Core services at a level that exceeds the SLA Committments %ENDCOLOR%
      * Nothing in Jeopardy - [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgarmetric/index?summary_attrs_showservice=on&summary_attrs_showrsvstatus=on&summary_attrs_showfqdn=on&gip_status_attrs_showtestresults=on&downtime_attrs_showpast=&account_type=cumulative_hours&ce_account_type=gip_vo&se_account_type=vo_transfer_volume&bdiitree_type=total_jobs&bdii_object=service&bdii_server=is-osg&start_type=specific&start_date=06%2F01%2F2012&end_type=today&end_date=10%2F25%2F2010&facility_10009=on&site=on&site_10020=on&site_10047=on&gridtype=on&gridtype_1=on&service=on&service_129=on&service_122=on&service_117=on&service_103=on&service_112=on&service_118=on&service_105=on&service_116=on&service_126=on&service_128=on&service_108=on&service_104=on&service_119=on&service_123=on&service_106=on&service_113=on&service_111=on&voown_9=on&voown_25=on&active=on&active_value=1&disable_value=1][Link]]
   2 %RED% Provide 24x7 services desk support to OSG users that exceeds SLA Committments%ENDCOLOR%
      * No dangers.
   3 %RED% Plan, Implement, and Deploy !DigiCert based OSG PKI service%ENDCOLOR%
      * Next Milestone is this weekend when the DOEGrids officially stops issuing new certificates. 
         * There are a few minor issues with certificates that are being worked out. 
      * RA documentation is completed. Will go through modifications as we experience more usage. 
         * Recent move to update Release3 documentation as well by Marco. I've assigned this to Alain Deximo. 
   4 %RED% Research and develop deployment plans for new services - OASIS %ENDCOLOR%
      * Behind on AHM Target date for production release of OASIS. However we should have an SLA for review by end of March.
         * Current target for production release is April 9th. 

---++++ Top Concerns
   1 !DigiCert Transition
      * The January "live date" for the OSG PKI Front End went smoothly. 
      * I expect the same for March 23rd DOEGrids new cert cutoff, but will be on a close watch for issues that develop. 
      * Soichi's effort seems to be ramping down, however Alain's (and other support members) does not. 
   * Ticket Metrics 10 Months ending Febuary 28. 
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/Screen_Shot_2013-03-20_at_2.07.58_PM.png" alt="Screen_Shot_2013-03-20_at_2.07.58_PM.png" width='630' height='360' />    
   2 OASIS Service
         * There is some question to whether CVMFS 2.0 and 2.1 are fully compatible. 
            * If not there may be further delays as the functionality of having separate VO working areas needs the 2.1 release. 
   3 Training Sessions
      * We've decided on the next 2 sessions but scheduling has been difficult
         * Networking - Jason from I2 need the perfSONAR infrastructure to be in place to do this right June 2013)
         * Intro to HTC - Using a subset of the grid-school content (Starting Early/Mid October)
            * Pushed to April/May - Possibly send a few to grid-school instead of doing this training locally. 
   4 Other effort concerns
      * From last report "We're not getting behind, but we're struggling to keep up." 
      * This has been relaxed a bit still PKI is creating a larger than normal load. 

---++++ Recent Activities
   1 PKI Front End and RA Activities
      * Released on January 30th
      * Documentation for PKI Users and Admins completed
   2 Hosting of All Hands Meeting
   3 Additional responsibilities of Production Manager added

---+++ Production - Rob Quick

---++++ Update on Key Initiatives
   * Lead Production Calls
   * Work with Area Coordinators as needed
   * Report to Management Team on Production status and issues
   * Represent needs of T1/T2/T3 Stakeholders
   * Assist ET on Operations and Production areas
      * Software now part of Technology

---++++ Top Concerns
   * Transitioning Production Responsibilities from Dan to Rob
   * Pacman decommissioning 
   * Gratia Accuracy
      * Elimination of "Unknown" VO records and issues leading to it. 
   * Address questions of GLOW usage (why they only get a limited number of hours)

---++++ Recent Activities
   * Weekly Production Meetings handed off from Dan to Rob
   * Production Annual Report handed off to Rob
   * Notification of Pacman EOL Sent
      * Good progress on the non-root WN Client package


---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 28 Feb 2013


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Screen_Shot_2013-03-20_at_2.07.58_PM.png" attachment="Screen_Shot_2013-03-20_at_2.07.58_PM.png" attr="" comment="" date="1363803573" path="Screen Shot 2013-03-20 at 2.07.58 PM.png" size="145857" stream="Screen Shot 2013-03-20 at 2.07.58 PM.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp29407" user="RobQ" version="1"}%
