%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047970" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees
Shawn, Mine, Chander, Brian, Gabriele, Rob, Tim, Dan

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ Security - Mine Altunay
   *  [[%ATTACHURL%/AreaCoord_02_13_2013.pptx][Area Coordinators Security report 2/13/13]]


---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Mine will follow up on Request 38

---+++ Minutes

Key Initiatives
   1. CILogon Basic CA Adoption - acceptance is proceeding slowly: no more sites than the original testing 5; users only from the HCC VO. Progress on Fermilab acceptance for docdb. Plan to expand with VOs and sites in parallel: currently, effort limited because Kevin Hill is busy at 60% on PKI transition.
   2. Traceability Requirements for users w/o certitficates - the goal is for users to use glideinWMS w/o certificates. Sites would delegate taceability to VOs. Some sites (e.g. BNL) are confortable w/ this. Progress on the approval process for Fermilab.
   3. Operational Security - focusing on SHA-2 - work proceeding on time: more tests to start in Apr; finish risk assessment of md5 and sha-1 proxy. Preparing for internal gWMS drill.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Potential lack of effort for CVMFS audit at GOC - As part of the CVMFS deployment at the GOC in April, OSG Security will provide a deployment audit. Kevin Hill is counted on for this work, but he is currently assigned at 60% to the PKI transition project at Fermilab. Need to ascertain the project due date to validate his availability. The potential delay may impact customers such as NOvA.
   2. ID management roadmap & Survey of "How OSG Resource Providers consume Identity Information" - Need more input from ET on the roadmap and on the survey to ascertain that the information collected meets our needs.

Key Accomplishments
   1. Pakiti site monitoring - Software is released. Need to advertise now: planning for a tutorial at the AHM. Will engage the 10 sites that use the central OSG service for a local deployment.

-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 14 Feb 2013

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoord_02_13_2013.pptx" attachment="AreaCoord_02_13_2013.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1360771739" path="AreaCoord_02_13_2013.pptx" size="56572" stream="AreaCoord_02_13_2013.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp13819" user="MineAltunay" version="1"}%
