%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1375901934" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico

---++ Operations - Rob Quick  

---+++ Key Initiatives 
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * Recent Sno+ Support Concern - [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/SnoPlusService][Analysis]]
   2. Development of Staff
      * With Year 2 !SoW - Scott is now Grid Operations Center Manager and Kyle is Operations Support Manager
   3. Updates to OSG-XSEDE
      * Memory
      * Network
      * New Submission Host on Order
   4. Working on Adoption of OASIS Service
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/OASISStatusUpdate][Status List]]
   5. !PerfSONAR Training for Operators
      * Dates narrowed down to the week of Sept 16 or 23. 
   6. Interoperations with EGI and XSEDE
      * EGI MoU is now signed and in place. [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1171][Doc DB Link]]
      * XSEDE Conference
         * VOMS is being discussed as an authentication method for EGI VOs. 
         * GOC-TX is being used by XSEDE. 
      * Interoperations Session at [[http://tf2013.egi.eu/][EGI Technical Forum]]
      * ENMR VO
         * OASIS Publishing
   7. Field of Science Accounting Addition to OIM 
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Accounting/FOSAccounting][Description]]
      * [[https://oim-itb.grid.iu.edu/oim/project][OIM ITB Version]]
         * Set for Production Release 8/13
   8. New Homepage will be put in place 8/13
      * [[http://www-itb.opensciencegrid.org/][Link]]

---+++ Top Concerns and Issues
   1. OSG Connect and CIC Services
      * New documentation area, new registration area
      * No concrete definition of what Operation services are needed
   2. Support Load
      * Hiring process will begin soon
   3. !PerfSONAR Datastore and Monitoring
      * OSG and WLCG?
   4. Gratiaweb lingering issues
      * [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/15713][BNL Transfer Data]]
   5. 0.5 FTE Infrastructure Position

---+++ WBS Progress 
   1. Field of Science OIM - see above
      * Release v1 8/13
   2. Other Services
      * OASIS - See above
      * OSG-XSEDE - See above - Hardware in route 
      * Cross OSG CE - VO will be created this week
      * iRODS?
      * OSG Connect - See above
   3. Move BDII to Bloomington - Done (7/9)
   4. !ReSS and Pacman deprecation

   

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030







-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 01 Aug 2013