%META:TOPICINFO{author="GabrieleGarzoglio" date="1357761035" format="1.1" reprev="1.6" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico with calendar items
   * Archive of [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsLetters][OSG Newsletters]]

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]

---+++ Technology - Brian Bockelman

---+++ Annual Report - Chander Sehgal
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/2013_OSG_annual_report_outline.docx][2013 OSG Annual Report Outline]]
   * Need your sections by Feb 8 at the latest
   * Covers 4/1/2012 to now
   * For examples see previous annual reports located in OSG [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/][DocDB]]

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Discuss Technology area items:

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-41 :  Reduce the numbers of host certs required at a site - Expect update after mid-Nov after GUMS release

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-27 :  Improving OSG support for HTTP - any progress on better support of HTTP in condor and AAA (at CERN)?

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-26 :  Improve OSG support for VMs - expect availability of requirements in the request; from Oct 2012 AC meeting, Chander followed up with Michael Ernst on his notes for the requirements 

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-10 : Control priority and allocation of opportunistic resources - What is the status of the OSG-CE? Should we record a new timeline?




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 28 Dec 2012


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Area-Coordinators-Jan-2013.pdf" attachment="Area-Coordinators-Jan-2013.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1357741026" path="Area-Coordinators-Jan-2013.pdf" size="39640" stream="Area-Coordinators-Jan-2013.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp49272" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="2013_OSG_annual_report_outline.docx" attachment="2013_OSG_annual_report_outline.docx" attr="" comment="2013 OSG Annual Report Outline" date="1357747125" path="2013 OSG annual report outline.docx" size="22241" stream="2013 OSG annual report outline.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp42277" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
