%META:TOPICINFO{author="GabrieleGarzoglio" date="1361995364" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico with calendar items
   * Archive of [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsLetters][OSG Newsletters]]

---+++ Technology - Brian Bockelman

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

Review status of the following accepted requests more than 8 weeks old in the system:

[[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-10][REQUESTS-10]] 	Control priority and allocation of opportunistic resources</br>
[[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-26][REQUESTS-26]]  	Improve OSG support for VMs</BR>
[[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-27][REQUESTS-27]] 	Improving OSG support for HTTP</BR>
[[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-41][REQUESTS-41]] 	Reduce the numbers of host certs required at a site</BR>
[[http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-53][REQUESTS-53]] 	Create a federated Xrootd status monitor</BR> 


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 26 Feb 2013

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Area-Coordinators-Feb-2013.pdf" attachment="Area-Coordinators-Feb-2013.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1361992702" path="Area-Coordinators-Feb-2013.pdf" size="44836" stream="Area-Coordinators-Feb-2013.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp57698" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
