%META:TOPICINFO{author="DanFraser" date="1368041820" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico

---+++ [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1133][OSG Workplan for Current Year]]


---+++ Rob Gardner and Dan Fraser- Campus Grids
   * Setting date for OSG CIC Workshop at Duke University
   * Continuing to capture materials, etc, on http://www.campusgrids.org  (e.g. WEBCASTS)

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 08 May 2013
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Area_Coordinators_May_8-2013.pdf" attachment="Area_Coordinators_May_8-2013.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1368041819" path="Area Coordinators May 8-2013.pdf" size="3857610" stream="Area Coordinators May 8-2013.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp15653" user="DanFraser" version="1"}%
