%META:TOPICINFO{author="ShawnMcKee" date="1377106850" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time ||
| Phone (866) 740-1260 | Meeting ID 8405618, followed by # |

---+++ Attendees

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], Possible Newsletter Articles
   * Jemise will update Indico

---+++ Shawn !McKee - Networking
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-Aug13-Networking.pptx][OSG-AC-Aug13-Networking.pptx]]: OSG Network update for AC meeting

---+++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

http://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030





-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 01 Aug 2013

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-Aug13-Networking.pptx" attachment="OSG-AC-Aug13-Networking.pptx" attr="h" comment="OSG Network update for AC meeting" date="1377104396" path="OSG-AC-Aug13-Networking.pptx" size="83862" stream="OSG-AC-Aug13-Networking.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12828" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
