%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1409754570" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments

---+++ Concerns and Issues

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

   * Concern over newsletter changes.
   * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Upcoming Newsletter Articles]]
      1 OSG user school (Tim Cartwright)
      2 Senegal Grid School (Rob Quick)
      3 OSG Review (Lothar Bauerdick)
      4 New Staff (David Swanson and Rob Gardner)
      5 All-hands meeting location announcement (Clemmie Jones)
      6 XSIM/OSG Collaboration (Von Welch)
      7 Report on LHCONE and LHCOPN meeting (Shawn McKee)
   * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGWebPresenceInventrory][Web Presence Inventory]]
      * Tried to set up a August Meeting in Chicago Area - Didn't pan out
      * Effort for consolidation and reworking of webpages is non-existent 

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 14 Jul 2014
