%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1404332123" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
TimT, Shawn, Brian, RobQ, RobG, Mine, Clemmi, & Chander

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Production, Operations and Communication - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Initiatives and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
   2. Development of Staff
      * Scott and Kyle continue to run day to day operations.
      * HTCondor Refresher Training for Operations Staff. [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/HTCRefresherTraining][Materials]]
         * Borrowed from previous Grid Schools
         * Run solely on OSG-Connect
      * Vince Neal will attend the U Wisconsin Grid School next week.                 
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
         * [[https://myosg.grid.iu.edu/vopfmatrix/index?start_type=7daysago&start_date=09%2F26%2F2013&end_type=now&end_date=09%2F26%2F2013&vo=on&vo_35=on&active_value=1&oasis_value=1&sort_key=name][MyOSG ATLAS Matrix]]
      * Campaign to get non-WLCG sites to adopt OSG network monitoring. Postponed until we have fully functional dashboard. 
      * Soichi is putting focus on this project. 
      * Data Store setup along with mesh configuration for WLCG ongoing
   4. OSG Connect
      * Still waiting for regular participation in Operations.
   5. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
      * Notification of 'preferred installation' for !HTCondorCE is being drafted for 10/1 event
      * SAM testing is being discussed along with OIM adjustments needed
      * SAM roadmap will be discussed next week at the WLCG Operations Workshop
   6. Web Presence Inventory and Architecture Review
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/OSGWebPresenceInventrory][Inventory]]
      * Doodle Poll for a Chicago (FNAL) meeting in August 
         * Rob G, Rob Q, Clemmie, Tim C, Chander
   7. New hardware for OSG-XSEDE ordered
      * 10GE Switch Installed in rack
   8. !DigiCert contract renewed
   9. Investigation of CILogon for the OSG PKI
      * !MoU with XSEDE
   10. Newsletter Focus
   11. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
   12. Production Activity

   <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/Screen_Shot_2014-07-02_at_2.58.29_PM.png" alt="Screen_Shot_2014-07-02_at_2.58.29_PM.png" width='833' height='550' />    


---+++ Top Concerns and Issues
   1. Service Additions Adding Up - "Currently sustainable but there are limits"
      * OASIS - Version 2.0 
      * !XRootD - No recent activity
      * !PerfSONAR data store
         * Switch to !MadDash for publishing
      * WLCG Accounting
         * Mostly done
         * Support procedures being worked out
      * iRODS
   2. OASIS v2
   3. !PerfSONAR
      * Long term data storage and curation. 
   4. Gratia Web
      * Ownership and updates. 
   5. OSG Connect 
      * Account Administration
      * Communication 
   6. Data Challenges and LHC Restart


---+++ WBS Progress 
   1. Creating year 3 WBS now


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes



-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 16 Jun 2014

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Screen_Shot_2014-07-02_at_2.58.29_PM.png" attachment="Screen_Shot_2014-07-02_at_2.58.29_PM.png" attr="" comment="" date="1404327577" path="Screen Shot 2014-07-02 at 2.58.29 PM.png" size="69663" stream="Screen Shot 2014-07-02 at 2.58.29 PM.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp29764" user="RobQ" version="1"}%
