%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimTheisen" date="1417636666" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.



---++ Software - Tim Cartwright

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 1 October 2014:

   * HTCondor CE
      * Updated HTCondor CE components: HTCondor, HTCondor CE, BLAHP, osg-configure, &hellip;
      * Wrote and published the HTCondor CE Collector, a tool for gathering HTCondor CE-based site information
      * Improved and expanded documentation (e.g., [[Documentation.Release3.TroubleshootingHTCondorCE][new troubleshooting guide]])
      * Taught GOC staff how to troubleshoot HTCondor CE sites
      * Continued to support sites, notably for SLAC, Syracuse, Texas A&M, University of Florida, and Vanderbilt
   * Made HTCondor 8.2 the production release and prepared 8.3 for Upcoming
   * Tested scalability of HTCondor and HTCondor CE
   * Dealt with SSLv3 inquiries, testing, changes, etc.
   * Did development work on GUMS 1.4.1
   * Made significant progress on building packages for EL 7
   * Finished and distributed the software release series policy and deprecated OSG 3.1
   * Lots of smaller fixes, changes, routine software updates, etc.
   * Lots of support
   * Contributed to releases: 3.1.41&ndash;3.1.42 and 3.2.16&ndash;3.2.18

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * WBS 1: Routine updates, etc.

   * WBS 2 <span style="color: silver;">[inserted]</span>: HTCondor CE
      * Finish CE Collector development and packaging &ndash; DONE, pending release (may need tweaks and fixes though)
      * Make HTCondor CE the default for new installs &ndash; DONE, pending release
      * Complete documentation &ndash; overview in progress, install document needs overhaul
      * System administration training session &ndash; maybe in January, maybe at AHM
      * Push on LSF and SGE &ndash; review need with management first
      * Remaining bug fixes and updates &ndash; ongoing, but mostly minor tasks

   * WBS 3: Year 3 New Features
      * Make Squid proxy mandatory on all CEs &ndash; soon, but !TimC and !BrianB need to discuss goals
      * Have RSV test batch system on site with a real job &ndash; not started yet
      * Design OSG 3.3 (remove OSG client, drop EL5?, drop other cruft) &ndash; not started yet, probably Q3
      * Enhance and maintain GUMS in response to FNAL requests &ndash; in progress
      * Maintain and plan future of !GratiaWeb &ndash; in progress, at least easy technical items
      * Package !AutoPyFactory &ndash; in progress at BNL

   * WBS 4: Year 3 Internal Maintenance
      * IPv6 evaluation of OSG software &ndash; delayed in favor of scalability testing and !perfSONAR probe
      * Review Gratia probes and subdivide packaging &ndash; *DROPPED*
      * Most OSG software sources to git(hub) &ndash; plans are ready, low priority
      * Update Koji build system to EL 6 and latest version &ndash; EL 6 move planned soon, upgrade later (Q3–4)
      * Contribute patches upstream to broader distributions as appropriate &ndash; very low priority

   * WBS 5: Documentation Renovations &ndash; little activity yet, mostly focused on HTCondor CE documentation

   * WBS 6: New Stakeholder Projects
      * Package !PanDA &ndash; in progress, mostly in ATLAS’s court
      * Investigate need for packaging work for OSG Connect &ndash; !TimC to contact !RobG
      * Reboot perfSONAR &ndash; awaiting official word to restart
      * Finish HDFS Healing integration and packaging &ndash; in planning
      * Package OASIS Server 2 &ndash; in progress at BNL

   * WBS 7: Support Enterprise Linux 7
      * Add build and test support for EL 7 platform &ndash; *DONE*
      * Rebuild all current packages for EL 7 &ndash; in progress, starting with Worker Node Client
      * Plan initial release of subset of packages (to Upcoming?), maybe including client, HDFS, and HTCondor CE &ndash; not started
      * Migrate remaining (difficult) init scripts to systemd &ndash; later

   * WBS 8: Automated Testing &ndash; no recent work except small patches, etc.
      * Expand coverage of components and test cases &ndash; needs planning
      * Improve expressiveness of test infrastructure &ndash; brainstorming session in mid-December or early January

---+++ Top Concerns

   * HTCondor CE transition has seen many challenges, but I think that we are getting into the long tail of deployment support and refinement. Nonetheless, an earlier start and/or less aggressive schedule would have been best.

   * The backlog of useful work is still significant. We are tracking overall progress and working on it, but slowly. Put another way, our rate of ticket completion is at or just slighly above the rate of incoming tickets. Internal projects, including important ones like setting up our Madison ITB site, are wholly starved of effort.

<img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/osg-software-jira-tix-20141203.png" alt="osg-software-jira-tix-20141203.png" width='600' height='371' />

   * There has been little to no effort put into documentation lately. We are shifting the responsibility for this area back to Software and will draft a plan to address missing, incomplete, and out-of-date documents. !TimC needs to get this area rolling, but has had limited time.

   * Many of the OSG Software team are &le; 40% effort. Given the overhead of context switching, etc., our total productivitity is not the same as fewer full-time people totaling the same effort. So we are organizing work in terms of larger and smaller tasks, with bigger, more important tasks being assigned to &ge; 50% staff.

---+++ Stakeholder Requests

None active?



---++ Release - Tim Theisen

---++ Release Management - Tim Theisen
---+++ Recent Accomplishments

   * *Releases*
      * Since October 1st
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3140][3.1.40]] IGTF 1.59, various bug fixes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3216][3.2.16]] GUMS 1.4, HTCondor CE 1.6, IGTF 1.59, various bug fixes, Upcoming: HTCondor 8.2.3
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3141][3.1.41]] Disable SSLv3 in OSG PKI tools, VO Package v57, CA Certificate update to IGTF 1.60,  RSV version 3.7.20, various minor bug fixes
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3217][3.2.17]] Disable SSLv3 in OSG PKI tools, HTCondor 8.2.3, !XRootD 4.0.4, !GlideinWMS 3.2.7, VO Package v57, CA Certificate update to IGTF 1.60, GFAL tools come from EPEL, HTCondor CE 1.7, RSV 3.7.20, various minor bug fixes

   * One High-Priority Releases: None

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * ITB instance in Madison

   * Working on a plan to involve ITB sites in testing

   * Collecting effectiveness metrics
   * Defects found during testing: <br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/Rework.png" alt="Rework.png" width='674' height='460' />    

---+++ Top Concerns

   * ITB Instance
      * Work on this is being slowed by other distractions


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg-software-jira-tix-20141203.png" attachment="osg-software-jira-tix-20141203.png" attr="h" comment="" date="1417630193" path="osg-software-jira-tix-20141203.png" size="6767" stream="osg-software-jira-tix-20141203.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp33085" user="TimCartwright" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Rework.png" attachment="Rework.png" attr="h" comment="Defects found during testing" date="1417636455" path="Rework.png" size="17130" stream="Rework.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp3127" user="TimTheisen" version="1"}%
