%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1401908127" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Suggestions for new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]], Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Campus Grids - Rob Gardner

   * Discussions with Eric Kaufmann at SLU to directly connect to OSG Connect.  Bosco factory setup at OSG Connect (Condor to SGE@SLU), ssh key's exchanged. 
   * Outline of work presented at OSG AC retreat - will be following up on these.
   * Evening out the software and execution environment with new project distributed environment modules.
      * [[%ATTACHURL%/DistributedEnvironmentModules.pdf][DistributedEnvironmentModules.pdf]]
      * Emelie Harstad has agreed to lead the effort "Software and Execution Environments" 
      * First meeting minutes here:  [[%ATTACHURL%/minutes.txt][minutes.txt]]
      * Next meeting June 17.
   * Scientific Computing Consultant hire at UC who will work in the Campus Grids area on supporting users; Bala Desinghu, who will start July 1. He is coming from computational material science and has experience with the XSEDE environment.
      * Have asked Bala to consider helping organize a Software Carpentry - OSG boot camp for the autumn quarter.  Would like this to be a joint Campus Grids / User Support effort.  Will start mid-July. 
   * New U of C !PhD candidate Anna Olson, to work on a containerized content delivery network concept for dynamically delivering data sets to compute sites.
   * Undergraduate hired to work on OSG Connect monitoring and analytics this summer.
   * Suchandra is helping with user engagement.  Several new projects joined in the last couple months; all in the getting started phase. Suchandra is also stress testing Stash.  
   * Accounting: https://osgconnect.net/accounting-summary/
   * Presentation at MAGIC (http://www.nitrd.gov/) teleconference today [[https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BzgiYUsbrz2TMUdDLWx2eDZ3Tzg/edit?usp=sharing][here]]
   * Discussion with Kevin Lannon (faculty at Notre Dame) for a possible CMS Connect.  Exploratory.
   * Florida Atlantic University discussions starting up



---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes


-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 27 May 2014

 

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="DistributedEnvironmentModules.pdf" attachment="DistributedEnvironmentModules.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1401903902" path="DistributedEnvironmentModules.pdf" size="124226" stream="DistributedEnvironmentModules.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp48180" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="minutes.txt" attachment="minutes.txt" attr="" comment="" date="1401904031" path="minutes.txt" size="3358" stream="minutes.txt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp48204" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
