%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1403113994" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Suggestions for new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]], Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Software - Tim Cartwright

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 16 April 2014:

   * External (for site admins)
      * Polished HTCondor CE and made version 1.0, plus related RSV & osg-configure changes
      * Added UDT package and related tweaks
      * Created a repository for Puppet contributions
      * Patched VOMS Admin to filter user lists to GUMS
      * Packaged !XRootD 4 (now in testing)
      * Packaged GUMS 1.4 (now in testing)
      * Contributed to releases: 3.1.33&ndash;3.1.35 and 3.2.8&ndash;3.2.11

   * Internal
      * Set up RPM build environments for HTCondor and !perfSONAR developers
      * Added automated tests for GUMS, HTCondor CE, !MyProxy
      * Speced, ordered, and had built several new machines for the UW ITB site

   * Bringing John Hover and Jose Caballero on board, 25% each

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * Ongoing updates, etc.

   * Integrate HTCondor CE
      * Version 1.0 already released
      * Working on LSF (Wei, SLAC) and SGE (Augustine, BU) support
      * Probable small changes coming to support LSF and SGE
      * Still working on documentation

   * Evaluate OSG software stack for !IPv6 readiness &mdash; just starting
      * Complete initial evaluation by end of summer
      * Work on non-compliant software thereafter

   * Update to Globus Toolkit 6.0 and get our patches incorporated &mdash; waiting
      * GT6 due soon &mdash; few major changes
      * Unclear when our patches will be incorporated, before or after initial GT6 release

   * Publish policy for OSG software release series &mdash; was done, but then Miron asked for a rewrite

   * Make frontier-squid mandatory on a CE &mdash; in progress but stalled

   * Build HTCondor from unified source RPM &mdash; waiting on official HTCondor release (8.2.1)

   * Help !perfSONAR developers with builds in OSG Koji (Madison), packaging, etc. &mdash; in progress

   * Join EPEL and submit changes to packages that we patch &mdash; in progress

   * Help build a Madison ITB site &mdash; finishing hardware deployment

   * Divide Gratia probe packaging to ease management and avoid future release bottlenecks &mdash; stalled, low priority

   * Look into supporting EL 7 &mdash; on the horizon

   * Design and implement a new OSG client package &mdash; on the horizon

   * Simplify test development by improving test framework
      * Goal is to support rerunning certain tests under different configurations (e.g., “manually”, via osg-configure, via puppet)
      * High-level plan is to enable this kind of testing with a new test sequencing algorithm using DAGs

   * 2014 OSG User School &mdash; in progress, crazy busy

---+++ Top Concerns

   * The backlog of useful work is still significant. We are working it down, but slowly.

   * There has been little to no effort put into documentation lately. We are shifting the responsibility for this area back to Software and will draft a plan to address missing, incomplete, and out-of-date documents. Effort will be available in September.

---+++ Stakeholder Requests

   * [[https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/browse/REQUESTS-62][REQ-62]]: Add extra features to GUMS (support for groups)
      * Implementation in progress
      * Part of GUMS 1.4.0


---++ Release Management - Tim Theisen


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes