%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466100393" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees
Tim T., Brian, Chander, Gabriele, Mine, Rob G., Tim C., Clemmie


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Suggestions for new [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]], Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ Technology - Brian Bockelman



---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
Key Initiatives
   1. HTCondor-CE: consolidating the plan. Good progress along the tentative schedule. Atlas T2 sites not on-board yet.
   2. OASIS: progress on externally hosted repositories at Fermilab. Working towards a software product with defined life-cycle.

Top Issues / Concerns
   1. Job opening at HCC needs to be re-posted to generate new interest.
   2. No progress on Trash/Blueprint reboot.
   3. Resource provisioning might be dead as a visible project
 
Key Accomplishments
   1. Introduced support for GID mapping in GUMS as per Intensity Frontier request. Improved banning capabilities for WLCG. This is a stop-gap measure on the roadmap to certificate-less job submissions.

On the Horizon
   1. Evaluating "alien cache" feature of CVMFS to address auxiliary files problem
   2. Exploring the possibility to add a CVMFS repo for OSG Connect
   3. Document experience in accessing XSEDE sites via BOSCO

-- Main.GabrieleGarzoglio - 27 May 2014

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-11.pdf" attachment="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-11.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1402507982" path="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-11.pdf" size="17875" stream="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-11.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8198" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
