%META:TOPICINFO{author="ClementineJones" date="1423681420" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of every second month.

---++ Operations and Communication - Rob Quick 
   * Last Report November 12

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Upcoming Newsletter Articles]]
   * Some minor content and structure changes coming soon. 
 - See [[http://www-itb.opensciencegrid.org/][ITB version]] for details of the "text bubbles"
 - New images for the banner.
 - Updates to the Documentation link
   * Heavily involved with AHM Planning
   * !GlueX, !SoyKB, and !IceCube articles. See http://www.opensciencegrid.org/news/
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * Rob, Clemmie, and Kyle tweeting/retweeting items. 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Do webpages align with OSG Connect and User Support efforts?
      * Clemmie and Rob Q meet with Rob G and Chander at AHM to discuss

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
      * Soichi is putting focus on this project. 
         * Beta services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
         * Addresses may change from 'pf' to 'ps'
      * Plans for hardware and archiving being discussed. 
      * Much more in concerns area. 
   3. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
         * Completed incident response drill
         * Operations Collector fully functional and [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgstatushistory/index?datasource=statushistory&start_type=7daysago&end_type=now&rg=on&rg_406=on&active=on&active_value=1][stable]] 
   4. Accounting
      * ENMR Accounting now being sent to APEL
      * Multicore Accounting Discussion ongoing
         * Mechanisms in place to send multicore use accounting
         * Normalization factor discussion happening shortly
      * ATLAS/CMS Opportunistic Usage WLCG Accounting 
   5. OASIS V2
      * Significant progress made in the past few weeks
         * Stratum 1 now in ITB plans to move it to production in March
         * Blanking process completed and successful
         * Still behind on Stratum 0 and Login nodes for ITB
         * Encouraged by Technology making this statement "Mar 23 - AHM.  Done or dead."
         * More in the Concerns below 
   6. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
      * Move to modular service with authentication/data layers
         * Services have grown organically with individual data sources/authentication layers
         * Evaluation of software like !OpenStack, Docker, and others
      * OSG Environment Discovery
         * Based on job activity not registration
   7. Assisting with upcoming Software Carpentry Workshop
      * Soichi and Kyle attend UC Workshop
   8. Prepared High Throughput Computing Challenge (A DHTC Scavenger Hunt) for AHM 2015

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   1. !PerfSONAR
      * Decisions need to be made on the hardware/contract options for Cassandra datastore
      * Data Store is not accurate and no one knows why
      * Data is not easy to understand
      * Data storage in Esmond is not understood
         * Along with how summary data is created and stored
      * No integration management
         * Leads to a lot of finger pointing at the other guy
      * A purge of ITB data led to corruption
      * Unknown future use-cases beyond !MadDash
         * Routing decisions? 
         * Data analysis 
   2. Service Additions Adding Up - "Currently sustainable but there are limits"
      * OASIS - Version 2.0 - See below
      * !PerfSONAR data store and visualization
      * !CondorCE Info Service (now in place) 
      * !XRootD Redirector
      * PKI Updates for !DigiCert contract end
      * Others?
   3. OASIS v2
      * OASIS v1 (Workplan Nov 2012 to Production for early adopters Mar 2013)
      * OASIS v2 is a packaged version of v1 with minor updates (CVMFS versions and installation scripts)
         * Workplan September 2013 - Production ???
         * Stratum-1 should reach production in March
         * Stratum-0 and Login have been close to ready for a year, I have no confidence this is true 
      * OASIS v1 is a fully production ready and stable instance
         * Functionality has been added based on user request
      * While we should strictly adhere to the 'dead or done' timeline we'll still need a way to update functionality
         * Suggest if project reaches this deadline it be turned over 'as is' and future updates be provided some combination of technology/software/ops teams
   4. OSG Connect 
      * Participation in the weekly Operations Meeting has dried up
      * Account Administration
      * Topology
   5. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes


-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 02 Jan 2015
