%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1433942495" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---++ Operations and Communication - Rob Quick 
   * Last Report February 11 (April 8 Cancelled due to lack of quorum)

---++ Communications - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   * Clemmie departing FNAL and OSG Communication
   * [[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Upcoming Newsletter Articles]]
   * opensciencegrid.org
      * "text bubbles" on home page updated
      * All hands meeting photo added
   * Heavily involved with AHM Planning and Execution
   * New Research Highlight on Fermion project at Duke, Genetic Diversity and Food Security, and Protein Folding
   * SPHENIX article will be out soon
   * Pushing out as many research highlights as possible over the next year, strategically focusing on articles that look good to funding sources
   * Twitter Activity - @opensciencegrid
      * Rob, Kathrine, and Kyle tweeting/retweeting items. If you have short items you'd like sent let one of us know. 

---+++ Concerns and Issues
   * Blog vs. Newsletter? 

---++ Operations - Rob Quick

---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. 
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
      * No exceptions reported. 
   2. !PerfSONAR
      * Ongoing work with OSG Networking group.
      * Good progress on load issues
      * Beta services at https://pfomd.grid.iu.edu and http://pfmad.grid.iu.edu/ (dropdown dashboards for more interesting meshes)
      * Plans for hardware and archiving being discussed. 
         * Hardware arrived yesterday, will be racked later this week
      * Additional focus by Shawn and Soichi seems to be paying off
   3. HTCondor Transition Plan
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Production/CondorCETransitionPlan][Plan]]
         * Operations Collector fully functional and [[http://myosg.grid.iu.edu/rgstatushistory/index?datasource=statushistory&start_type=7daysago&end_type=now&rg=on&rg_406=on&active=on&active_value=1][stable]] 
   4. Accounting
      * Upgrading to Multicore accounting has been a struggle. 
      * Mostly due to the moving target nature of the project.
         * First Update - Sent multicore information as separate record to APEL. 
         * Second Update - Updated multicore reporting from SSMv1 to SSMv2
         * Third Update - Combined reporting due to SSM upgrade and APEL's inability to process separate records
   5. OASIS V2
      * Significant progress made
         * All components moved to production
         * Some initial instability, but this has resided
   6. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Will happen over time
         * OASIS is the first target to ease burden on developers
      * OSG Environment Discovery
         * Based on job activity not registration
   7. Software Carpentry Workshop
      * Completed
      * Low attendance due to timing issues with mid-terms
      * Some good ongoing contacts obtained
   8. High Throughput Computing Challenge (A DHTC Scavenger Hunt) for AHM 2015
      * Learned a few more things, plan to continue this based on 2016 AHM planning committee recommendation
   9. Added ITB instance for !XRootD redirector

---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Soichi now 50%
      * Bill Barnett leaving as IU PI in July
   2. Service Additions Adding Up
      * We've moved from "Currently sustainable but there are limits" - Worried about effort going forward. 
      * OASIS - Version 2.0 - See below
         * Additional ITB services requested
      * !PerfSONAR data store and visualization
      * !CondorCE Info Service (now in place) 
      * !XRootD Redirector
      * PKI Updates for !DigiCert contract end
      * Others?
   3. Resources are aging and becoming insufficient
      * Recent PerfSONAR additions have brought us to our current resource limit
      * Expect some new PerfSONAR hardware to be ordered shortly, but this will not solve all issues
   4. !PerfSONAR
      * Decisions need to be made on the hardware - We are close here
      * Waiting for Validation Scripts
      * Purge Corruption Issue still needs follow up
      * Unknown future use-cases beyond !MadDash
         * Routing decisions? 
         * Data analysis 
   5. OASIS v2
      * Rolling out full V2 into production. 
   6. OSG Connect 
      * Participation in the weekly Operations Meeting is on/off
      * Account Administration
      * Topology
   7. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes




-- Main.JemiseLockhart - 28 May 2015