%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChanderSehgal" date="1444248343" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees
Bo, Chander, Shawn, TimC, TimT, Katherine, Brian, Mine

---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

**Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.



---++ Tim Cartwright - Software

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 12 August 2015:

   * *EL&nbsp;7.* Making progress on “big 4” Java packages (VOMS Admin, GUMS, !BeStMan, HDFS) and their dependencies
   * *GUMS.* Major security update (September) plus many small improvements and fixes
   * *Java.* Dealt with the loss of another Maven repository on which we relied
   * *HTCondor-CE.* Many small improvements and fixes, including better PBS Pro support
   * *StashCache.* Small improvements to shim daemon and configuration
   * *Updates.* edg-mkgridmap (for EL&nbsp;7 support), GIP, !GlideinWMS, HTCondor, !XRootD
   * *ITB.* Finally got (test) user jobs running at Madison ITB site
   * *Testing.* Improved automated tests to return fewer false negatives
   * *New site support.* Clemson, Florida International, Georgia Tech

---+++ Key Initiatives

*EL&nbsp;7* &ndash; Still working on Java packages&hellip;

*StashCache*
   * Still need to create one more RSV probe
   * Whatever else comes up (Phase II, support, etc.)

*ITB*
   * Expand site to remaining ITB hardware
   * Ramp up number of pilots to full capacity
   * Add more software components to CE and, eventually, other nodes
   * Need to discuss storage section, especially in light of !StashCache

*Documentation Renovations*
   * Purge old, unused, and obviously unnecessary documents
   * Finish prototype of new style for templates and other reusable elements
   * Complete initial version of new, user-centered Release3 home page
   * Update individual documents in priority order
   * Write mid-level overview of the !GlideinWMS system and how basic use cases work

---+++ Concerns

Not too much, things seem to be going pretty well right now!

*Upcoming Transitions*
   * Move from Java 7 &rarr; Java 8
   * Continued HTCondor&nbsp;CE deployments and issues
   * !StashCache &rarr; Phase&nbsp;II
   * *No significant issues yet, but watching effort and expectations closely*

*Documentation*
   * Started, some good progress
   * Limited staff who can contribute, at least in critical ways
   * BUT: Better to wait for right effort than create more rework
   * Tim&nbsp;C. should have more time now (but I have written that line before&hellip;)

---+++ Software Goals for Year 4

   1. Ongoing
      a. Routine updates to software packages
      a. Bug fixes to software and packaging
      a. Routine documentation updates
      a. Support installation and configuration of new OSG sites and HTCondor CE transitions
      a. Support ongoing use of OSG Software
   1. OSG 3.3
      a. Finish builds for EL 7 (GUMS, !BeStMan, VOMS Admin, etc.) [Mat, et al., Aug 2015] &ndash; <span style="color: #F60;">in progress, no ETA (maybe soon?)</a>
      a. Design and implement tiered meta-packages to fit site usage [Aug 2015] &ndash; abandoned
      a. Eliminate or overhaul full client packages [Aug 2015] &ndash; DONE in OSG 3.3
   1. !StashCache
      a. Finish development of !XRootD shim [BrianL, Nov 2015] &ndash; DONE
      a. Finish initial packaging and configuration for cache and origin servers [Nov 2015]  &ndash; DONE
   1. Documentation Renovations
      a. Purge old, unused, unnecessary documents [TimC, Aug 2015] &ndash; <span style="color: #F60;">not started, waiting on !TimC</a>
      a. Work with users (new and old) to prioritize document updates [BrianL, Aug 2015] &ndash; <span style="color: #F60;">in progress, needs review</a>
      a. Settle on new style for templates and reusable elements [TimC, !BrianL, Aug 2015] &ndash; <span style="color: #F60;">in progress</a>
      a. Complete initial version of new, user-centered Release3 home page [BrianL, Aug 2015] &ndash; <span style="color: #F60;">in progress, needs review</a>
      a. Update documents in priority order [all year] &ndash; in progress
      a. Review glideinWMS architecture to better understand it [TimC] &ndash; not started
   1. Year 4 Projects
      a. Finish HDFS Healing integration and packaging [Jeff]
      a. Investigate need for packaging work for OSG Connect [TimC] &ndash; not started
      a. Help OSG move from BDII to CE Collector (and other things?) on demand &ndash; not defined
      a. Rewrite (and split?) Gratia PBS/LSF probe – design doc first &ndash; not defined
      a. HTCondor CE over SSH – waiting for design from Investigations team &ndash; not defined
      a. Manage new stakeholder and internal projects that involve the OSG Software team [TimC]
   1. Year 4 New Features
      a. Package !AutoPyFactory [Jose] &ndash; in progress
      a. Package !PanDA [Carl] &ndash; on hold, no activity from ATLAS?
      a. Help incorporate a generic HTCondor pilot job executable into the HTCondor source code &ndash; not defined
      a. Migrate OSG software from Java 7 to Java 8 &ndash; not started, driven by Linux updates
   1. Year 4 Internal Maintenance
      a. Finish IPv6 evaluation of OSG software [Edgar, Nov 2015] &ndash; <span style="color: #F60;">in progress, needs review</a>
      a. Move (most) OSG software sources to UW–Madison git and mirror to github &ndash; in progress
      a. Update Koji build system to latest version [Mat] &ndash; not started
      a. Review JIRA Software tickets and remove old and unnecessary ones [TimC] &ndash; not started
   1. Automated Testing
      a. Expand coverage of components and test cases &ndash; not started
      a. Improve expressiveness of test infrastructure &ndash; not started

*Metric(s)*

Software metric #1: [[%ATTACHURL%/jira.pdf][JIRA ticket counts]]



---++ Release - Tim Theisen
---+++ Goals
   * Madison ITB
      * Current Goals
         * Run user jobs on ITB by end of August
            * Accomplished end of September
      * Next Goals
         * Working SE (Storage Element) by end of Decemeber
            * Reevaluting this goal
         * Bring Madison ITB into comprehensive release testing by the end of Decemeber
            * Install release candidates on the ITB site
      * Ongoing
         * Test and Release Software
         * Collect metrics on effectiveness
         * Collect new testing recipes

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

   * *Releases*
      * Since August 12th
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release331][3.3.1]] GUMS 1.5.0, HTCondor 8.3.8, HTCondor CE 1.15, !gridFTP-HDFS checksum verification, IGTF 1.67, !StashCache 0.4 
         * [[Documentation.Release3.Release3227][3.2.27]] GUMS 1.5.0, HTCondor 8.2.9, HTCondor CE 1.15, !gridFTP-HDFS checksum verification, IGTF 1.67

   * High-Priority Releases: None

   * Defects found in testing
      * 5 of 18 tickets in August
         * 1 ticket: Bug found in HTCondor patched and rebuilt and released
         * 4 tickets: Bug found in osg-configure and HTCondor, pushed to next release
            * Would have caused problems in the field

   * Madison ITB
      * Successfully ran jobs (not just pilots) on our ITB site

---+++ Key Initiatives

   * ITB instance in Madison
      * Evalutating next steps

   * Collecting effectiveness metrics
      * Start tracking JIRA tickets submitted as a result of testing
         * Suggested enhancements or minor defects

---+++ Top Concerns

   * Lack of testing resources for EL 7
      * No fermicloud EL 7 VMs
      * Some ad hoc use of VMs on desktops and laptops


---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="jira.pdf" attachment="jira.pdf" attr="h" comment="Software metric #1: JIRA ticket counts" date="1444246786" path="jira.pdf" size="17202" stream="jira.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp51156" user="TimCartwright" version="1"}%
