%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1449075843" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |



---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due around the middle of the month before the targeted newsletter.

**We want to get an update on the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1217

Also please remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Tim Cartwright - Software

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 7 October 2015:

   * *EL&nbsp;7.* We have built GUMS and !BeStMan, but there are many runtime failures to fix
   * *HTCondor-CE.*
      * Helped address LCMAPS memory leak and ship patched RPM
      * Helped investigate BLAHP and LSF losing job status - SLAC is now happy with a patch in a temporary build
      * Other software improvements
      * Created a process to consolidate and display OSG CE data from multiple sources (factory, BDII, CE-Collector)
   * *GRAM/PBS issues.* Tried to reproduce at Hyak ITB, but could not; looking at OSC now
   * *StashCache.* Finished remaining RSV probe
   * *RSV.* Finished and shipped JSON consumer for RSV
   * *Process.* Tightened execution of existing development and release processes
   * *Updates.* !XRootD 4.2.3, EDG Make Gridmap, OSG CA (and subsequent packaging fix)
   * *New site support.* SLAC (LSF), Georgia Tech

---+++ Key Initiatives

*EL&nbsp;7* – Still working on Java packages&hellip;

*HTCondor-CE* – help finish migration and word toward dropping GRAM support

*Internal projects*
   * Consolidate software repositories to =repo.grid.iu.edu= and eliminate =software.grid.iu.edu=
   * Fix automated tests that cause occasional spurious failures – helps us see real problems better
   * Move OSG software sources from Subversion to Git

---+++ Concerns

Nothing in particular.


---+++ Software Goals for Year 4

<!--
   * Set SWNO = <span style="color: white; background-color: #00D; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;">abandoned</span>
   * Set SWIP = <span style="color: white; background-color: #FA0; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;">in&nbsp;progress</span>
   * Set SWDN = <span style="color: white; background-color: #0A0; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;">done</span>
   * Set SWNS = <span style="color: white; background-color: #A00; padding-left: 3px; padding-right: 3px;">not started</span>
-->

   1. Ongoing
      a. Routine updates to software packages
      a. Bug fixes to software and packaging
      a. Routine documentation updates
      a. Support installation and configuration of new OSG sites and HTCondor CE transitions
      a. Support ongoing use of OSG Software
   1. OSG 3.3
      a. Finish builds for EL 7 (GUMS, !BeStMan, VOMS Admin, etc.) [Mat, et al., Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Design and implement tiered meta-packages to fit site usage [Aug 2015] – %SWNO%
      a. Eliminate or overhaul full client packages [Aug 2015] – %SWDN%
   1. !StashCache
      a. Finish development of !XRootD shim [BrianL, Nov 2015] – %SWDN%
      a. Finish initial packaging and configuration for cache and origin servers [Nov 2015]  – %SWDN%
   1. Documentation Renovations
      a. Purge old, unused, unnecessary documents [TimC, Aug 2015] – %SWNS% !TimC will delegate to !BrianL
      a. Work with users (new and old) to prioritize document updates [BrianL, Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Settle on new style for templates and reusable elements [TimC, !BrianL, Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Complete initial version of new, user-centered Release3 home page [BrianL, Aug 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Update documents in priority order [all year] – %SWIP%
      a. Review and document glideinWMS architecture to better understand it [TimC] – %SWIP%
   1. Year 4 Projects
      a. Finish HDFS Healing integration and packaging [Jeff]
      a. Investigate need for packaging work for OSG Connect [TimC] – %SWNS%
      a. Help OSG move from BDII to CE-Collector (and other things?) on demand – %SWIP% CE tracker will help
      a. Rewrite (and split?) Gratia PBS/LSF probe – %SWNS% need design document
      a. HTCondor CE over SSH – %SWNS% waiting on Investigations
      a. Manage new stakeholder and internal projects that involve the OSG Software team [TimC]
   1. Year 4 New Features
      a. Package !AutoPyFactory [Jose] – %SWIP%
      a. Package !PanDA [Carl] – %SWNO% no activity from ATLAS
      a. Help incorporate a generic HTCondor pilot job executable into the HTCondor source code – %SWNS% need help from HTCondor developers
      a. Migrate OSG software from Java 7 to Java 8 – %SWIP% (at least, our planning)
   1. Year 4 Internal Maintenance
      a. Finish IPv6 evaluation of OSG software [Edgar, Nov 2015] – %SWIP%
      a. Move (most) OSG software sources to UW–Madison git and mirror to github – %SWIP% (planning)
      a. Update Koji build system to latest version [Mat] – %SWNS%
      a. Review JIRA Software tickets and remove old and unnecessary ones [TimC] – %SWNS%
   1. Automated Testing
      a. Expand coverage of components and test cases – %SWNS%
      a. Improve expressiveness of test infrastructure – %SWNS%

*Metric(s)*

Software metric #1: [[%ATTACHURL%/jira.pdf][JIRA ticket counts]]


---++ Release - Tim Theisen

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes
