%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1430333810" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting

---++ Meeting Phone Coordinates

%TABLE{tablewidth="550" cellpadding="6" dataalign="left" tablerules="all" tableborder="1" databg="#FFFFFF, #FFFFFF"}%
| Wednesday,  2:00 PM Central Time |
| Dial-In: (866) 740-1260; meeting ID 840-5618, followed by # |
| !VoIP: http://www.readytalk.com/?ac=8405618  |


---++ Attendees


---++ Top of Meeting Business

---+++ New Items for [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG Calendar]], 
---+++ Current plan for [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Management/NewsletterArticles][Newsletter Articles]]
Please note that all newsletter articles are due by the 20th of each month.

---++ OSG Staff Retreat
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=9307][Agenda posted on Indico]]



---++ Tim Cartwright - Software

---+++ Recent Accomplishments

Since 25 February 2015:

   * *StashCache.* Wrote basic script to control !XRootD server under HTCondor, report on !XRootD cache statistics; started packaging
   * *HTCondor CE.* Continued improvements, fixes, and installation support; AHM tutorial and new documentation
   * *EL 7.* Little packaging/build work, but added EL 7 tests to routine automated suite (still many failures due to missing Java bits)
   * *IPv6 evaluation.* Tested many packages, many to go
   * *Software updates.* 
   * *GUMS.* Continued to make small enhancements, fix bugs, and investigate issues
   * *OSG 3.3.* Made many design decisions, attempted initial round of throwaway builds, drafted deployment plan
   * *RSV batch submission probe.* Wrote new probe, tested against some real sites, prepared to ship in May
   * *HDFS healing with !XRootD.* Completed initial software, working on packaging
   * Support: Florida, MIT, Oklahoma, Purdue, SLAC, Texas A&M, Vanderbilt, Virginia, Washington

---+++ Key Initiatives

*StashCache*
   * New (since January) high-profile project for OSG
   * The Software team has some significant development tasks to complete
      * Create a shim so that HTCondor can control !XRootD
      * Add reporting of !XRootD attributes back to the central CE Collector
      * Modify the CE Collector configuration to accept updates from all CEs
      * Packaging of new software plus meta-packages for different server types (cache, origin)
   * Likely will be involved in integration, testing, etc.
   * Plus whatever long tail falls on us

*OSG 3.3 rollout*
   * We need to complete the design for major changes
      * Better meta-packages to support a distinction between straightforward and more complex sites
      * Smaller tweaks to SRM client offerings, etc.
   * Working on initial testing builds
      * Most packages to build and to leave behind have been identified
      * Need to rebuild *all* packages (not done for OSG 3.2, will do this time) – we are ready and have done scratch builds
      * Initial testing repository could be available within weeks
   * Aiming for June, July, or August release of 3.3.0

*EL 7 support*
   * Part of OSG 3.3
   * Most packages are done
   * Dealing with Java packages and their (Java) dependencies

*HTCondor CE*
   * Winding down, but there continues to be steady but not full-time work
   * More sites are adding HTCondor CE – ATLAS, OSG 3.1 updaters, etc.
   * Nearly done with LSF and SGE

*IPv6 evaluation*
   * Underway, but less than 1.0 FTE effort
   * Going well, learning useful things!

---+++ Concerns

*Missed Q3 Planning*
   * Nice to touch base within Technology Area every 3 months, but we were busy
   * Nevertheless, have fairly clear sense of direction through end of fiscal year
   * Have not reviewed what is *not* being done lately

*Upcoming Transitions*
   * End of OSG 3.1 (not expecting much here), start of OSG 3.3 (should be easier than 3.2)
   * Move from Java 7 &rarr; Java 8
   * Continued HTCondor&nbsp;CE deployments and issues
   * !StashCache
   * *No significant issues yet, but watching effort and expectations closely*

*Documentation*
   * Started, not much progress
   * Limited staff who can contribute, at least in critical ways
   * BUT: Better to wait for right effort than create more rework
   * !TimC very busy lately, but will strive to make time after planning retreat/HTCondor Week and before School

*Backlog*
   * The backlog of useful work is still significant
   * We track progress and despite a few downward jumps, incoming ticket rate slightly exceeds completion rate
   * Some projects, including important ones like documentation and setting up our Madison ITB site, are wholly starved of effort

<img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/image.png" alt="OSG Software JIRA tickets" width='600' height='371' />

*Prototype vs. production*
   * Software team gets some software components (etc.) that are more prototype than production
   * Need to identify such components before or when they arrive
   * Need room to (a) declare initial releases and prototypes, betas, whatever, and (b) harden the prototype into production-grade software



---++ Release - Tim Theisen

---++ Stakeholder Request Management - Gabriele Garzoglio

https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10030

---++ Minutes

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="image.png" attachment="image.png" attr="" comment="OSG Software JIRA tickets by status" date="1430333810" path="image.png" size="6885" stream="image.png" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp51316" user="TimCartwright" version="1"}%
