%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobQ" date="1487190148" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 15 February 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about upcoming newsletter articles

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.

---++ Security, by Susan Sons
---+++ Vulnerabilities since 13 Jan 2017:

   1. Followed up on Ansible remediation from 09Jan CVE (used to manage configuration on some OSG infrastructure, not a piece of software we distribute).
   2. SLURM vuln (CVE-2016-10030) reported 05Jan, announced by SLURM team on 10Jan, packages to roll out for all OSG platforms available 21Jan.  We had an announcement to site admins and security contacts on 24Jan.
   3. Singularity vulnerability discovered around 06Feb, coordinated release on 14Feb to coincide with OSG release cycle.

---+++ Current working priorities:

   * Operations (always)
   * Collaborating with Rob Quick's team to get OSG software analyzed in the SWAMP.
   * Working with Brian B on host certificate automation.
   * Year 6 planning
   * All Hands Meeting Prep
   * Increased automation of Sec Team processes

---+++ Upcoming:

   * Sec Team documentation cleanup soon to kick off

---+++ Notes / Miscellany:

   * We've also been watching and acting as a resource for projects such as Marina Krenz's efforts to research a new Single Sign On solution for OSG.
   * The recent survey (thanks Kyle for helping us get it out!) received only six responses, but was none the less helpful in learning what our community is concerned about.



---++ Minutes

_TBD_

<!--

*Attendees:* 

---+++ Security

---+++ Action items

-->