%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1506091720" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 13 September 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Security, by Susan Sons


   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-Security-AC-Sep2017.pdf][OSG-Security-AC-Sep2017.pdf]]: OSG-Security-AC-Sep2017.pdf

---++ Minutes

No longer being posted on TWiki&nbsp;&mdash; email distribution only.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-Security-AC-Sep2017.pdf" attachment="OSG-Security-AC-Sep2017.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1505332161" path="OSG-Security-AC-Sep2017.pdf" size="62948" stream="OSG-Security-AC-Sep2017.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56259" user="SusanSons" version="1"}%
