%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1489603584" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 15 March 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about upcoming newsletter articles

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.

---++ Communications, by Kyle Gross


---+++ Events


   1. BDII SLA becomes inoperative 31/Mar
   2. All-Hands Meeting Complete
   3. Series of constant tweets during AHM seemed to go over well and gained us some exposure.
   4. We have a set of 7 solid leads for research highlights from AHM.  There are likely more to be found.
   5. Alain Deximo currently on terminal leave, Chris Pipes on paternity leave, but also terminal.

---+++ Concerns

   * Need more Research Highlight subject matter (We have a start with AHM info, but need more)

---+++ Goals

   * Publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, tweet 5-10 items per week.


---++ Operations, by Scott Teige
---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Front Line Support and Operational Services meet SLA definitions. (see 2)
      * [[https://opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Operations/ServiceLevelAgreements][Service Level Agreements]]
   2.  !PerfSonar reliability continues to be a concern
      * Service is now in "Development" status, SLA is formally inoperative, done in consultation with the ET
   3. GRNOC that provides service desk staffing and tools are negotiating a contract with Service Now
      * Specific dates remain unknown
      * Many possible affects for ticketing exchange and presentation
      * This is still several months away, but will take planning and coordination with our collaborators
         * EGI, WLCG, FNAL, BNL
      * An agreement with GRNOC providing 24x7 coverage is being negoiated. This may go away, the ET is aware of this. 
   4. Final move of legacy contents from software.grid.iu.edu
      * Alias to repo.grid.iu.edu operational, last CA distro was repo.grid only
      * repo-itb at RHEL6, production instances to RHEL6 28/Mar
   5. RHEL5 !EoL goals met: [[http://monitor.grid.iu.edu/kernel/kernel_overview_el5.html][Conversion status]]
      * JIRA conversion underway
   6. Gratia sustainable for life of the current grant
      * gratia-apel reporting interface needs to be written
   7. Campus Queue paper submitted to PEARC17 
      * Scott will present (NOLA, July 9-13)
   8. Research of SSO and CILogon 2.0 for authentication to Ops services and beyond. 
      * Will implement CILogon 1.0, 2.0 is in year 1 of 3 year development.
      * Initial project plan and research at [[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ycLx_AqAxbhEeSNklQq5RAg3TTsMVIuib7hiXFSGoH4/edit?usp=sharing][Google Doc]]
   9. No updates planned during the first cycle of March due to AHM. 
      * Some updates to internal services happened, minor configuration change to support !PerfSonar efforts
   10. FNAL operational Services moves
      * OSG voms at IU is operational and tested, will become active with new VO package and some DNS aliases
   11. Long term projects and directions
      * Reduce the hardware owned and administered by OSG Operations
         * Depend on OSG organizational institutions cloud type services
         * Never get to 100%, but should get as close as possible
         * We've been moving backwards with new !perfSONAR and new VM hosts added
      * Update service environment to a more standard configuration management system
         * Ansible based configuration management is in place
         * Oasis and Stash development teams have access to the machine that implements the new system
            * External collaborators, relatively easy to add others as appropriate
         * 26/July and subsequent releases are ansible based  
         * Service machines switched: condor collector, oasis, oasis-login, oasis-replica, oim, stash redirector, tx, web, voms, reports
            * jira, twiki complete or nearly complete
         * Internal machines switched: csiu, kvmhost, lvs, staff, wn; external, jump, crlsync added since last report
            * csiu has Lustre a capable kernel, xrootd origin server capability and has oasis mounted


---+++ Concerns and Issues

   1. Staffing changes
      * Marina assuming primary responsibility for services, oim, ticket
      * Alain Deximo has left
   2. IPv6
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Sandbox/OperationsServicesIPv6CompatibilityTable][TWiki Page]]
      * Not much activity for Ops
   3. BDII Deprecation
      * End of life [[http://osggoc.blogspot.com/2016/12/planned-retirement-of-osg-bdii.html][announcement]] sent 19/Dec
      * The current version has a hard deadline of March 2017 due to the RHEL 5 life cycle ending.
      * SLA inoperative 31/Mar, will continue to run but will not repair failures

---+++ Goals and Metrics Update (Year4)
   1. Many of these are behind due to staffing discussed above.
   2. Goal #5 - "Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort." - Additional hardware in place for production services providing a home for this work. I don't see having the effort for this until the next round of funding. 
   3. Goal #6 - "Continue to provide training on new technologies to equip support desk staff to troubleshoot issue as they are reported." - Working with UCSD !GlideIn Ops to provide access to logs and common problems documentation so Ops support can do more in depth and proactive troubleshooting of !GlideInWMS problems. Kyle and Rob G are talking about offloading user support tasks to the ops support desk. 
   4. Goal #7 - "Develop and share a set of metrics that provide a reasonable measure of responsiveness to stakeholder tickets." - See draft document at - https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/QATicket



<!--
---++ Minutes
-->
