%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1487797989" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 22 February 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about upcoming newsletter articles

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.

---++ Networking, by Shawn !McKee

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pptx][OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pptx]]: OSG AC presentation on networking
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pdf]]: OSG AC presentation on networking - PDF version

---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Brian B., Brian L., Ken, Kyle, Scott, Shawn, Tim C., Zalak

---+++ Announcement
Tim C. will draft a new meeting cycle soon and send it around for changes. There will be *no meeting in two weeks*, due to the All Hands Meeting.

---+++ Networking
   * Still waiting for new software updates for standalone mesh-config (MCA), perfSONAR 4, and !MaDDash 2. Soichi is making good progress on the MCA stuff, and should have no problems finishing on or before schedule. perfSONAR 4 has had a couple of release candidates, but there were issues to fix. !MaDDash 2 is nearly ready; Shawn has been running it in test for a while and it has been working well. Once the latter two items are available, and everything is deployed, then it will be time to start recruiting new, non-WLCG sites to deploy network monitoring tools.

   * The alerting and alarming project is making good progress, and Shawn showed architecture diagrams, user interfaces, and examples of use. In the past reporting cycle, some of the alerting has been configured so as to send fewer alerts and only when action can and should be taken. Overall, though, the project is converging and just needs hardening and an improved user interface.

   * While there is still no long-term plan for archiving network monitoring data, the near-term plan for increasing storage space is proceeding. Currently, the plan is to buy at least 12 disks and swap them in one-by-one; this should double storage space (at least).

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pptx" attachment="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pptx" attr="h" comment="OSG AC presentation on networking" date="1487787105" path="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pptx" size="6057828" stream="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp58440" user="ShawnMcKee" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pdf" attachment="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pdf" attr="h" comment="OSG AC presentation on networking - PDF version" date="1487787169" path="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pdf" size="2795874" stream="OSG-AC-22Feb2017-Networking.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp58146" user="ShawnMcKee" version="2"}%
