%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1492100683" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 12 April 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming newsletter articles]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ User Support and Campus Grids, by Bala Desinghu
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_XuzIKSfT8w9K_3Mik4lhFzgTEgleo9PRkwwv-kV9o4/edit?usp=sharing


---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Bala Desinghu, Brian Bockelman, Brian Lin, Ken Herner, Rob Quick, Scott Teige, Shawn !McKee, Tim Cartwright, Tim Theisen, Zalak Shah

---+++ User Support and Campus Grids
   * Usage statistics:
      * OSG Connect: 88 active users, 46 active projects, 11.5M wall hours, 14M jobs
      * XD-Login: 23 active users, 17 active projects, 14M wall hours, 22M jobs
      * CI Connect: 33 active users, 18 active projects, 2.4M wall hours, 3.2M jobs
      * SPT: 37 active users, 1.5M wall hours, 0.5M jobs

   * The team handled an average of 20 tickets per week, and generally handled them very quickly (e.g., average first response time was 3 business hours). They got very positive feedback from users (81% positive, 19% neutral, no negative).

   * Although the area has seen a steady increase in active projects and users, they want to improve further, in part because they see many new accounts going dormant immediately or after a short burst of use. The plan is to add a follow-up email or call once a new user has been around for a certain time. There was some discussion about how long to wait before the follow-up, with proposals for various fixed intervals and for asking the user during the initial set-up call. Also, the team is documenting their facilitation practices.

   * Since mid-February or so, opportunistic OSG usage that uses Singularity containers has fluctuated between 25&ndash;75% depending on which site(s) are providing the most opportunistic cycles and whether they have Singularity enabled. The area is looking at Tensorflow jobs (without GPU access) as an initial use case for intentional Singularity use on the OSG and would like to create more tutorials for using Singularity and Docker containers.

   * The HTCondor Annex training at the All Hands Meeting was well received and so the goal is to make this use case easier to use&nbsp;&mdash; easy enough to set up and use during the course of a single workshop. Currently, the initial set up process takes several hours. [Editor&rsquo;s note: Just after the AC meeting, the HTCondor developers announced that the next version of HTCondor Annex will automate the entire set up process, which should help the User Support team reach their goal of rapid set-ups during workshops.]

   * FSurf 2.0 was released recently. There are engagements with several potential users (at Wisconsin, Indiana, and MIT). Suchandra is hosting a website on 13 April about using the service.

   * Benedikt gave a 3-day workshop on how to do South Pole Telescope (SPT) computing using OSG and got 15 new SPT users up and running. The next big step is to set up !JupyterHub using Globus Auth.

   * VERITAS said at the All Hands Meeting that they needed more resources, especially after the opportunistic dry spell late in 2016, so User Support has given them special status on MWT2 to get more of those resources.

   * !Xenon1T has increased its computing capability and capacity recently by running on COMET, OSG, MWT2, and EGI, and the goal (or maybe current reality?) is to do so through the OSG.

   * The transition to GR&Aring;CC is going well and should finish soon.

   * The area is leading five workshops between now and mid-August (see the slides). Each one is for a different audience, so each one will be a slightly different workshop.

---+++ Concerns
No significant concerns at this time.

---+++ Action items
None.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="-2017.04.12_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf" attachment="-2017.04.12_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1492027028" path="-2017.04.12 Area Coordinators Meeting.pdf" size="788090" stream="-2017.04.12 Area Coordinators Meeting.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp41018" user="BalamuruganDesinghu" version="1"}%
