%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1501775887" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 2 August 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Technology Investigations, by Brian Bockelman
See attached slides.

---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Brian Bockelman, Brian Lin, Ken Herner, Mat Selmeci, Rob Quick, Scott Teige, Susan Sons, Tim Cartwright, Tim Theisen

---+++ Calendar updates
None

---+++ Research highlight updates
   * There is one last highlight (about Steve Groom) coming through the pipeline from Greg in the pipeline.

---+++ Technology Investigations
   * OSG and LIGO folks won a best paper award at PEARC17!
   * GR&Aring;CC. They are still defining the service in Puppet and are making slow progress (with about 0.10 FTE available). The perfSONAR data is now being archived to tape at Fermilab via GR&Aring;CC as a production service. In Year 6, the plan is to add some basic dashboards using existing infrastructure. Based on the discussion at the planning retreat, the team will clean up bad GR&Aring;CC data, and then spend minimal effort to implement some very simple ways to monitor data quality (e.g., watching the count of unique VOs in the data). Possibly in Year 6: pulling accounting histories straight from HTCondor-CE into !RabbitMQ.
   * Monitoring. From the follow-on meeting last Thursday, two tasks were identified for T.I. Edgar will put relevant !GlideinWMS Factory logs into Elasticsearch, and they will look into ways to get !XRootD and !GridFTP to report directly into GR&Aring;CC&hellip; on the cheap.
   * OSG Storage. The CVMFS repos at osgstorage.org got packaging updates, and monitoring was improved a little. The !SciTokens project, which will apply to storage and data transfers, is just starting to get underway; Brian&nbsp;B. is working on an OAuth2 token format, and Derek is writing a new CVMFS plugin to handle !SciToken verification and use. In other storage work, they are improving monitoring and reliability, and working on getting new users. The main development goal for Year&nbsp;6 is to enable writes for stashcp users who are using OSG Connect.
   * Containers and GPUs. Edgar and Derek are working to start making GPU usage work; GLOW VO may be next. Most of the GPU demand is driven by machine learning software, which often works best in a container, hence the connection. Two areas of investigation are how to deal with heterogeneous hardware environments and how to distribute container images without CVMFS.
   * Retirements. HTCondor-CE 3.0 should meet Fermilab&rsquo;s traceability requirements, thus providing at least one clear path to retiring !gLExec. UNL retired GUMS, and found some small issues with xrootd-lcmaps that should be resolved before asking other sites to try things out. And for VOMS Admin, only Fermilab needs something like it, and they are going to write their own, so now there is less concern about the transition away from VOMS Admin.
   * Globus Toolkit. Reminder: OSG will support stakeholders as long as necessary. We now have a handshake-level agreement with WLCG and EGI to share burden of software support, but it is not clear what that means in detail yet. In addition, Technology Investigations is talking to software providers (e.g., HTCondor) about retiring Globus, and hopes to use !SciTokens work to help replace GSI. WLCG working on HTTPS as alternate to !GridFTP.

---+++ Action items
None

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-Area-Coordinators-August-2.pdf" attachment="OSG-Area-Coordinators-August-2.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1501699337" path="OSG-Area-Coordinators-August-2.pdf" size="154764" stream="OSG-Area-Coordinators-August-2.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp53717" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
