%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1498753194" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 21 June 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Technology, by Brian Bockelman
See attached PDF.


---++ Minutes
*Attendees:* Brian Bockelman, Brian Lin, Mat Selmeci, Scott Teige, Tim Theisen, Zalak Shah

---+++ Technology
   * GR&Aring;CC has replaced Gratia as of early May, but there has been a whirlwind of activity with it nonetheless. The first Gratia-free WLCG reporting cycle happened, but there were issues due to the previously undiscovered fact that Gratia was changing some incoming data, even before feeding it to GR&Aring;CC; but no data was lost, the bug was fixed, and the data was re-summarized. Still working on completing the Puppet configuration for the system, and the documentation.

   * OSG Storage was fairly quiet, especially from LIGO, so they released the authenticated !StashCache and worked on documentation.

   * The !SciTokens project was recommended for funding, waiting for official announcement and planning to start on July 1.

   * Singularity continues to see steady (if somewhat variable) usage. They are working to meet Fermilab traceability requirements, which may result in changes to HTCondor-CE. And the hope is that Singularity will work without setuid in RHEL 7.4 or an update therein. They are writing a journal paper on our usage of Singularity.

   * The Authz transition from edg-mkgridmap and GUMS continues to make steady progress. The documentation has been reviewed, tested, and improved; the current authz template looks correct; and the new LCMAPS VOMS plugin is being deployed at a few adventurous sites (e.g., Suchandra is trying it out), resulting in some bug fixes, etc.

   * With OSG 3.4 released, the retirement clock is ticking on GUMS, VOMS Admin, and !BeStMan. VOMS Admin will be the hardest to migrate from, and this is recommended as a topic for the OSG planning retreat in late July.

   * Globus Toolkit is transitioning to a closed-source product. OSG will continue to support the parts that stakeholders need, which is mostly GSI, !GridFTP, and their dependencies, and also will investigate authorization and file transfer options that do not rely on Globus Toolkit. To ease the maintenance burden, OSG is seeking a partnership with CERT IT and EGI.
    
---+++ Concerns
   * It is taking longer than expected to fully automate the GR&Aring;CC configuration (in Puppet), which exposes us to the risk of having to manually rebuild everything from scratch and reload the data from the tape archive if something goes wrong.

   * Dealing with the Globus Toolkit transition will incur significant effort expenditures over the next year.

---+++ Action items
None.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-21.pdf" attachment="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-21.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1498070988" path="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-21.pdf" size="206209" stream="OSG-Area-Coordinators-June-21.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp50546" user="BrianBockelman" version="1"}%
