%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1497899663" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 14 June 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Networking, by Shawn !McKee
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pptx][OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pptx]]: OSG AC presentation on networking
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pdf]]: OSG AC presentation on networking - PDF version
      * NOTE: Download PDF version before trying to open...doesn't seem to work off this page to directly open it.  YMMV


---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Brian Lin, Kyle Gross, Mats Rynge, Scott Teige, Shawn McKee, Susan Sons, Tim Cartwright, Tim Theisen

---+++ Calendar
   * Rob Quick offered to add the OSG planning retreat to the calendar for Tim C.&nbsp;&mdash; thanks, Rob!
   * Shawn sent two items to Tim C. for inclusion.

---+++ Communication (Kyle Gross)
   * The Molcryst research highlight is in progress.
   * Greg has been out, so not much progress on other research highlights.

---+++ Networking (Shawn !McKee)
   * OSG network services have been updated to perfSONAR 4.0, and the back-end !PostgreSQL database was updated from version 9.4 to 9.6. Overall, the software updates went well. Most (all?) of these services are hosted on VMs, and there were some mismatches between VM resource definitions and actual resource use. So this was a good opportunity to adjust the VM resource allocations. Scott wondered if this fine-tuning could have been done using Munin, but Shawn said that check_mk provided more detailed reporting.

   * The new documentation for the latest network service updates has been delayed and is still about 2 weeks from completion.

   * When updating from the 4 TB of network data storage to 8 TB, the database became corrupted and most (93–95%) of the historical networking data was lost permanently. Shawn asserted that the root cause was not shutting down the database servers before swapping out their storage, but Scott argued that the root cause is not yet that clear. In any case, there are now backups of the data, and the update procedure now includes a shutdown of the VMs prior to updates. Tim asked what lessons were learned from this failure, in particular about relying on systems that are hard to operate; Shawn suggested that the new tools, such as Elasticsearch and !RabbitMQ, are better understood and supported, but Tim (who writes the notes and hence gets the last word!) remained concerned about the lack of operational wisdom for the new technologies.

   * Since early May, network data is replicated to tape at Fermilab, and also the data can go to CERN and ESmond, in addition to OSG. But there will be a lot of data, and so there needs to be a method for pulling small amounts of data at once.

   * The Standalone Mesh-config tool (MCA) has been turned over to the perfSONAR developers and is in production. The old URLs are redirected to the new ones.

   * They are starting to use the updated network service monitoring tool from WLCG, called ETF.

   * The alerting and alarming system is in place and running, but still needs some tuning of the user interface, which is in progress.

   * There are fancy dashboards for network data analytics now, and several examples were shown. They are not available for public use yet, but some admins have private access and are looking at them.

---+++ Concerns
   * Getting the network services documentation right.
   * Making the analytics dashboards public.
   * Tweaking the network services following the updates.

---+++ Action items
None.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pptx" attachment="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pptx" attr="h" comment="OSG AC presentation on networking" date="1497464714" path="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pptx" size="1043424" stream="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp52802" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pdf" attachment="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pdf" attr="h" comment="OSG AC presentation on networking - PDF version" date="1497464766" path="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pdf" size="1717538" stream="OSG-AC-14Jun2017-Networking.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp53043" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
