%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1503345154" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 16 August 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Networking, by Shawn !McKee
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pptx][OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pptx]]: OSG Networking presentation 16-Aug-2017
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pdf]]: OSG Networking presentation 16-Aug-2017 (PDF *Note* for PDF you may need to download and open from you local computer)

---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Bala Desinghu, Jeny Teheran, Ken Herner, Kyle Gross, Mat Selmeci, Scott Teige, Shawn !McKee, Tim Cartwright, Tim Theisen

---+++ Calendar
No updates.

---+++ Research Highlights (Kyle Gross)
   * For the current article, Frank suggested making two sets of correctness edits, then shipping
   * There are a number of education and outreach events that could be written about (together or briefly separate): Polar Hackathon, Trieste school, OSG school, PEARC 17, and RMACC
   * CMS has been hitting 150K simultaneous real jobs, maybe that should be written up, too.

---+++ Networking (Shawn !McKee)
   * Recent accomplishments include the rebalancing of VM resources, migrating mesh configuration from !MyOSG/OIM to a standalone instance, and updating the ETF monitoring instance.
   * Services are generally fine, except that RSV has been stopping mysteriously&nbsp;&mdash; Edgar has looked into it but not determined the root cause yet; a restart restores service. The plan is to keep the services in non-production mode for now to resolve this issue and implement the new data flow.
   * perfSONAR 4.0.1 was released with minor updates and bug fixes; historically, most sites update quickly (~80% within 48 hours).
   * The OSG networking documentation has been updated for perfSONAR 4.x and streamlined to avoid duplication with upstream. They are getting some reviews and suggestions for improvement. And then, there are several additions planned&nbsp;&mdash; port requirements, deployment options, new capabilities that are available, updated FAQs, etc. No timeline for the additions was offered.
   * Shawn described several recent networking issues that came in as tickets and that were addressed using networking data (highlighted locations were Pakistan, Lancaster, Dubna, Oxford, and Brazil). Tim&nbsp;C. suggested finding ways to present such accomplishments at a higher level and to be able to separate between where we helped LHC and non-LHC sites.
   * Based on discussions at the planning retreat, the flow of networking metrics will change to add UNL Elasticsearch as a receiver, limit total data kept in Esmond, and clean data going out on the GOC message bus. The Nebraska copy will be used for non-interactive reporting, the Fermilab copy will put raw JSON data to tape for archiving and possible replaying, and the Chicago copy will be for near real-time analysis of recent (6&ndash;12 month) data. And when perfSONAR 4.1 becomes available, data can go straight to the GOC message bus without the RSV piece in the middle. These changes have not been started yet.
   * Lincoln Bryant tried to follow HTCondor instructions to put network data to a log file, but it did not work. To be continued.
   * Esmond will be limited to keeping just 8 weeks of data, but this change has not happened yet.
   * A new issue came up with the release of perfSONAR 4.0&nbsp;&mdash; port 443 (https) must be open at all sites now, whereas before it was 80 (http) or 443. The issue will be raised at the next perfSONAR developers meeting, which happens to be tomorrow.
   * They are ready to publish new dashboards for certain use cases, but the question was whether to do so. As Scott pointed out, being ready means having a service-level agreement (SLA) in place. So Shawn will work with Scott to get some example SLAs and then define one for the new dashboards.
   * Shawn will submit a proposal to have an undergraduate student work on OSG Networking tasks with Shawn, funded entirely by Michigan. He has had partial success with this program in the past.

---+++ Concerns
   * Need to resolve the new issue with port 443 being required.
   * Need to implement data pipeline changes.
   * Still need to recruit non-WLCG sites, especially using new capabilities to attract sites.

---+++ Action items
   * Scott wil share his TWiki to Markdown conversion script with interested folks.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-Networking-Retreat-2017.pptx" attachment="OSG-Networking-Retreat-2017.pptx" attr="h" comment="OSG Networking presentation 16-Aug-2017" date="1502907240" path="OSG-Networking-Retreat-2017.pptx" size="5706215" stream="OSG-Networking-Retreat-2017.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp58588" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pptx" attachment="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pptx" attr="h" comment="OSG Networking presentation 16-Aug-2017" date="1502907444" path="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pptx" size="102718" stream="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp58438" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pdf" attachment="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pdf" attr="h" comment="OSG Networking presentation 16-Aug-2017 (PDF)" date="1502907466" path="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pdf" size="956475" stream="OSG-AC-16JAug2017-Networking.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp55018" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
