%META:TOPICINFO{author="MatsRynge" date="1498676154" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 28 June 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ User Support and Campus Grids, by Mats Rynge

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/2017-06-28_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf][2017-06-28_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf]]: 2017-06-28_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf

---++ Minutes

_TBD_

<!--

*Attendees:* 

---+++ User Support and Campus Grids

---+++ Action items

-->


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="2017-06-28_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf" attachment="2017-06-28_Area_Coordinators_Meeting.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1498676122" path="2017-06-28 Area Coordinators Meeting.pdf" size="2113137" stream="2017-06-28 Area Coordinators Meeting.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp29856" user="MatsRynge" version="1"}%
