%META:TOPICINFO{author="ScottTeige" date="1499280051" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 5 July 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Communication, by Kyle Gross

---+++ Events
   1. VERITAS Article - https://www.opensciencegrid.org/veritas-and-open-science-grid-explore-extreme-window-into-the-universe/
   2. Molcryst Article - https://www.opensciencegrid.org/machine-learning-insights-into-molecular-science-using-the-open-science-grid/
   3. GRACC links added to OSG Website (About and Documentation pages)
   4. PEARC17 asked us to make a lot of announcements. We made a lot of announcements + tweets for them.
   5. Announced & Tweeted OSG User Support Training events
   6. Ongoing(?) - Series of announcements about OSG 3.4/Globus transitions




---+++ Concerns
   * Need more Research Highlight subject matter, though we have some direction. (XENON1T, JLab)
   * We have cut effort for the writing of research highlights.  That task now falls to Rob and Kyle.
   * Lesser concern - Cleanup of FNAL mailing lists is tough. I've asked, but it is not always easy for me to become the admin any given mailing list. Though there is some progress. I will forge on.


---+++ Goals
   * Publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, tweet 5-10 items per week.


---++ Operations, by Rob Quick
---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Configuration management at operations
      * All operations services (except !MyOSG) are under [[https://github.com/opensciencegrid/operations/blob/master/docs/ansible_intro.md][Ansible]] based configuration management
         * !MyOSG is currently being added
      * Ansible files, "playbooks", etc. are, in turn, under SVN version control.
      * Ansible encapsulates all aspects of a service
         * VM specification, OS, RAM, CPU, /usr/local/, all service configuration and packages
      * Ansible is invoked by a master machine, not run by the target machine
      * It can update a running machine or build a new one
      * Handles development, ITB and production instances with a single playbook
         * ensures, to the extent possible, the testing instances are identical to the production instances
   1. TWiki retirement target dates:
      * To read only 1/Oct, !EoL ~31/Dec
      * Actively converting some documents (SLAs)
      * Switching other uses to !GitHub
   1. Will end Tuesday only maintenance with !TWiki retirement
      * Will still announce 1 week in advance, ITB instance will be available for testing.
   1. No updates planned during the first cycle of July due to holidays/vacations. 
      * 4/July was a Tuesday. Updates (and repairs) are possible if conditions require them
   1.  !PerfSonar reliability continues to be a concern.
      * Service is now in "Development" status, SLA is formally inoperative, done in consultation with the ET. 
      * During disk upgrade, existing data was corrupted. Service operators attempting recovery from local instances.
   1. Will propose a Service Management System for OSG
      * [[http://fitsm.itemo.org/][FitSM]] seems like a very good fit, lightweight but complete.
         * See, for example, the [[http://fitsm.itemo.org/fitsm/1][Requirements Document]]
      * Compare to ISO 20000, Other ITIL based instances.
      * Will need sign on by other service operators in OSG
   7. Research of SSO and CILogon 2.0 for authentication to Ops services and beyond. 
      * Recent progress: ticket-dev is working, oim-dev is not.
 
---+++ Goals
   2. Update configuration management and hardware resources that increase capacity with minimal long-term effort.
      * Nearing completion, see above.
      * Automating rebuild via Ansible from backup (where appropriate) is in the pipe.


---++ Minutes

_TBD_

<!--

*Attendees:* 

---+++ Communication

---+++ Operations

---+++ Action items

-->
