%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1492717441" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 19 April 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming newsletter articles]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Networking, by Shawn !McKee

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pptx][OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pptx]]: OSG AC presentation on networking
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pdf][OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pdf]]: OSG AC presentation on networking - PDF version  *NOTE:* PDF version should be downloaded first, then opened!

---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Brian Bockelman, Brian Lin, Jeny Teheran, Ken Herner, Rob Gardner, Rob Quick, Scott Teige, Shawn McKee, Tim Cartwright, Tim Theisen

---+++ Newsletter

The first person on the Science Highlights list is Ken Herner and he no longer available, so Greg will move down the list. Also, Rob and Kyle are thinking about how to provide more information upfront to Greg to help speed the process.

---+++ Networking

   * perfSONAR 4.0 is out! 161 installations have already (auto-)updated and there are 41 still using the old version and 63 that are unavailable for one reason or another. This is a big deal that has been anticipated for a long time. And now that it is available, there are a lot of things to do.
      * The perfSONAR developers have written a lot of good documentation, and mostly we can just refer to it. However, there are some OSG and WLCG things to document on our systems (be it TWiki or whatever). Shawn estimated about two weeks to complete this task.
      * perfSONAR VMs and services need to be updated. And besides just the software, this is a good opportunity to shuffle services and VMs, thereby fine-tuning the resources available to each service. Some database migrations may need to happen, etc. Also, there is a new way to manage mesh-config data, and for some time both old and new access points (URLs) must be maintained; Networking will work with the GOC to create some Apache rules or something similar to implement this. Aiming to have this in place in about two weeks, and it will need to stick around for several months.

   * Once everything is updated and happy, it will be time to start recruiting non-WLCG sites. The GOC can email potential sites, but it may take more direct contacts to entice some early adopters to try it out. Plus, that way is useful for getting biggest sites early. In any case, a staged roll-out is the way to go, and there was some discussion about exactly how to do it.

   * The new standalone mesh-config tool (MCA) is being tested, and Soichi is available through May to continue fixing issues. A production instance will be available next week. As his development effort winds down, Soichi is working on handing off MCA to the perfSONAR developers.

   * For monitoring, the new perfSONAR has nice RESTful API that can return data in JSON format. They plan to use a WLCG tool called ETF, with perfSONAR customizations, for monitoring perfSONAR instances. This all needs to be installed on a new VM running !CentOS 7.

   * They are working on the email alerts, making them opt-in so that they are not perceived as spam. Shawn showed a sample email, and there was some discussion about user-friendly ways to help recipients get the most out of the information in such emails, probably by putting brief pointers in the email itself and having a longer troubleshooting page or set of pages on the web.

   * The new disks for data storage are available now, and the GOC just needs to develop and execute a procedure for integrating them. This is fairly straightforward, except for several people being gone over the next few weeks.

---+++ Concerns

Basically and as above: There is a lot to do now! Software updates, new and updated GOC services, data migrations, etc. Sites are upgrading, too, and they will need support. Many of these things must occur before reaching out to non-WLCG sites, even though the latter is a major goal for the Networking area.

---+++ Action items
None.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pptx" attachment="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pptx" attr="h" comment="OSG AC presentation on networking" date="1492626570" path="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pptx" size="115602" stream="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pptx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56409" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pdf" attachment="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pdf" attr="h" comment="OSG AC presentation on networking - PDF version" date="1492626624" path="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pdf" size="537189" stream="OSG-AC-19Apr2017-Networking.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp56629" user="ShawnMcKee" version="1"}%
