%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1504811859" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 6 September 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Outreach, by Kyle Gross

---+++ Events
   1. Steve Groom article - https://www.opensciencegrid.org/astronomy-archives-are-creating-new-science-every-day/
   2. OSG User School - Madison, Wisconsin
      * 56 participants
      * Most post-school logistics completed (bills, reimbursement, etc)
      * 28 final assignments have been received.
   3. PEARC17 Sessions - New Orleans, Lousiana 
   4. Rocky Mountain Advanced Computing Consortium High Performance Computing Symposium Sessions - Boulder, Colorado
   5. CODATA-RDA School of Research Data Science - Trieste, Italy
      * ~50 participants
   6. Polar Hackathon - Stonybrook, New York
      * 26 participants
   7. Requests for Info about above schools sent
   8. Science Node - 5 Articles - Meeting with Sarah & Lance Friday
   9. Security Announcements - Exercises & PKI Training


---+++ Concerns
   * Need more Research Highlight subject matter, though we have some direction. Will know more after meeting Friday.
   * We have cut effort for the writing of research highlights.  That task now falls to Rob and Kyle.
   * Lesser concern - We have a master spreadsheet of all 81 OSG-owned mailing lists, starting to triage

---+++ Goals
   * Publish 12 Research Highlights, Update Web Images every two months, tweet 5-10 items per week.


---++ Operations, by Rob Quick
---+++ Key Accomplishments and Events
   1. Configuration management at operations
      * All operations services (except !MyOSG) are under [[https://github.com/opensciencegrid/operations/blob/master/docs/ansible_intro.md][Ans\
ible]] based configuration management
         * !MyOSG is currently being added
      * Ansible files, "playbooks", etc. are, in turn, under SVN version control.
      * Ansible encapsulates all aspects of a service
         * VM specification, OS, RAM, CPU, /usr/local/, all service configuration and packages
      * Ansible is invoked by a master machine, not run by the target machine
      * It can update a running machine or build a new one
      * Handles development, ITB and production instances with a single playbook
         * ensures, to the extent possible, the testing instances are identical to the production instances
   1. TWiki retirement target dates:
      * To read only 1/Oct, !EoL ~31/Dec
      * SLAs all converted, automated converter did most of the work
      * Switching other uses to !GitHub
      * Raw TWiki .txt files for selected webs have been saved elsewhere.
   1. Will end Tuesday only maintenance with !TWiki retirement
      * Announcement imminent (being reviewed by GRACC, glidein, oasis teams)
   1.  !PerfSonar remains in Development status.
   1. Will propose a Service Management System for OSG
      * [[http://fitsm.itemo.org/][FitSM]] seems like a very good fit, lightweight but complete.
      * Will present a prototype document early October
      * Will need sign on by other service operators in OSG, GRACC only for prototype document
   1. Research of SSO and CILogon 2.0 for authentication to Ops services and beyond.
      * Recent progress: ticket and OIM near completion. !MyOSG lags, will reallocate effort to accelerate progress.


---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Brian Bockelman, Ken Herner, Kyle Gross, Mat Selmeci, Rob Quick, Scott Teige, Shawn !McKee, Susan Sons, Tim Cartwright, Tim Theisen

---+++ Calendar
Nothing new.

---+++ Outreach (Kyle Gross)
   * Summer outreach events went well (OSG User School, PEARC17, RMACC, CODATA-RDA School of Research Data Science, HPC-Polar Hackathon).

   * Frank and Kyle are talking to the Science Node folks on Friday about a possible OSG 5-article commitment. No news until then, though.

   * Sent out lots of announcements, especially Security ones.

   * Other area goals are going well.

---+++ Operations (Scott Teige and Rob Quick)
   * Configuration management moving to Ansible: looking to complete this transition by next presentation! The last sticking point is !MyOSG, in part due to complexity and available effort to date.

   * The Operations documentation conversion is going well, and the SLA documents are converted. The raw TWiki text of all pages has been archived, just in case.

   * Ending the Tuesday-only maintenance schedule, with an announcement coming soon.

   * perfSONAR remains in developer status, and Operations has put no particular effort into it this period.

   * Service management with !FitSM: A prototype document will be presented by the OSG Council meeting in October.

   * Continuing with single sign-on (SSO) for Operations services.  Ticket and OIM are very near completion, but !MyOSG is not as far along (reallocating effort to make it happen).  Some other possible services to move to SSO: OASIS, GR&Aring;CC (not a high priority), maybe XD-Login.

---+++ Concerns
   * Outreach: Need more research highlight ideas, always.

   * Operations: Staffing changes have resulted in two Operations Support personnel now, and so it may be tricky to ensure coverage at all times, especially during the next month until a replacement for Vince is found. This may be a good opportunity for some cross-training of other OSG folks.

---+++ Action items
None.
