%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1504283769" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 30 August 2017

Special guest facilitator&nbsp;&mdash; Rob Quick!


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ User Support and Campus Grids, by Emelie Harstad

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NuyrJKUMKBy5PWyILxQxzUrR4-xvIZN5s6cmC8qtFmQ/edit?usp=sharing

---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* (not recorded)

---+++ User Support and Campus Grids (Emelie Harstad)

| *Access Point* | *Users* | *Projects* | *Hours* | *Jobs* |
| OSG Connect |  151 |  52 |  9.5 M |  5.5 M |
| CI Connect (UChicago, Duke) |  29 |  13 |  2.6 M |  2.1 M |
| XD-Login |  18 |  15 |  8.8 M |  12.1 M |

   * Usage is steady on OSG Connect, campus CI Connect, and XD-Login. [Tim’s note from after the meeting: Comparing to the previous US&CG report, it appears that OSG Connect users were way up but hours and jobs were way down. And all of the CI Connect numbers were significantly down. I hope that future US&CG reports will address changes from one period to the next.]

   * Ticket counts were down a little this period, no comments in Rob’s notes. There is no set policy for contacting non-green respondents to the customer feedback.

   * There were several slides on the “new” on-boarding process (presented last time), but no extra notes.

   * Several new sites expressed interest in contributing cycles at PEARC (Wayne State University, University of South Dakota, Arizona State University) and RMACC (University of Colorado Boulder). Wayne State of South Dakota have been added and are contributing cycles already. Several other sites (Donald Danforth Plant Center, Florida State University, Georgia State University) are also in progress.

   * The FSurf project has some users and is getting further updates.

   * The SPT, !XENON1T, and VERITAS projects continue.

   * At least four video tutorials are planned and in various stages of development, another week or two for drafting first two scripts.

   * Completed five workshops since mid-May: JLab, SCSU, SAC-PA, PEARC, and RMACC. It is still difficult to create and use AWS accounts during a tutorial. Is this something that HTCondor can address?

   * Upcoming workshop: IEEE BIBM.

---+++ Concerns
   * Not retaining users

---+++ Action items
None recorded.
