%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1496932898" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="AreaCoordinator"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators Meeting &mdash; 7 June 2017


---++ Meeting Coordinates

%TABLE{}%
| When: | Wednesday, 2:00 p.m. Central Time |
| Online: | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| Phone (toll): | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Top of Meeting Business
   1. Review the [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   1. Talk about [[NewsletterList][upcoming research highlights]]

*Note for presenters:* Please report on updates to the area goals we had established at the staff retreat; these goals are available at https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232. Remember that the next OSG annual report for each area will explicitly state the goals and the results.


---++ Security, by Susan Sons

[[%ATTACHURL%/OSG_Area_Coordinator_meeting_-_2017-06-07_-_presentation_v2.pdf][Susan’s notes]] (as PDF)


---++ Minutes

*Attendees:* Bala Desinghu, Brian Lin, Ken Herner, Kyle Gross, Shawn !McKee, Susan Sons, Tim Cartwright, Tim Theisen

---+++ Communication
A new Research Highlight just went out, and a few more are coming. Plus, Greg may have another article written.

---+++ Security

---++++ Updates
   * !YubiKey for the CVMFS master key is ready for deployment, but Scott wants to talk to Susan first about some concerns.
   * Susan plans to attend the NSF Summit in August. Still waiting to hear whether her talk has been accepted.
   * The Security Team has moved its team meeting notes to shared Google documents, instead of TWiki or !GitHub, with good results so far.
   * The Grid Admin (RA) form is being updated to reflect the (old) change from Digicert to CILogon.
   * Just starting to work on an HTCondor plug-in to collect and expose information about Singularity jobs.
   * Working on Year 6 goals.

---++++ Vulnerabilities
   * Investigated a credential caching issue in HTCondor-CE, resulting in some recommended configuration changes.
   * Sent an announcement about an NSS vulnerability, but this is not software that OSG distributes.
   * Sent an announcement about TLS/SSL filtering issues with !GridFTP and certain network hardware.
   * Will be sending an announcement very soon from EGI about Qemu and Xen.
   * VOMS Admin and Struts: The release is scheduled for next Tuesday (June 13). This has been a bit of a sticking point with EGI, due to the long time to remediation. As a result, the Security Team would like to improve their incident response times by caching a list of all software that the OSG cares about. The team will work especially with OSG Operations and Technology teams to figure out how best to build and maintain such a cache. The goal is to reduce the time it takes to figure out whether OSG cares about a vulnerability.

---++++ Concerns
   * Mainly just the Security Team&rsquo;s ability to shorten incident response times, as described above.

---+++ Action items
None.

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="osg-security-ac.pdf" attachment="osg-security-ac.pdf" attr="h" comment="" date="1496862085" path="osg-security-ac.pdf" size="56688" stream="osg-security-ac.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp27520" user="TimCartwright" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="OSG_Area_Coordinator_meeting_-_2017-06-07_-_presentation_v2.pdf" attachment="OSG_Area_Coordinator_meeting_-_2017-06-07_-_presentation_v2.pdf" attr="h" comment="Susan’s notes" date="1496931662" path="OSG Area Coordinator meeting - 2017-06-07 - presentation v2.pdf" size="68472" stream="OSG Area Coordinator meeting - 2017-06-07 - presentation v2.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp27763" user="TimCartwright" version="1"}%
