%META:TOPICINFO{author="TimCartwright" date="1504035310" format="1.1" version="1.361"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ OSG Area Coordinators


%TOC{depth="2"}%


---++ Reference Information
   * [[https://indico.fnal.gov/categoryDisplay.py?categId=86][OSG calendar]]
   * [[https://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org:440/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=1232][OSG workplan for N5Y&nbsp;Year&nbsp;5]]


---++ Weekly Meeting
%TABLE{sort="off"}%
| *When* | Wednesdays, 2:00&ndash;3:00 p.m. Central Time |
| *Online* | https://IU.zoom.us/j/320940886 |
| *Phone (toll)* | +1 (408) 638-0968 &nbsp;<em>or</em>&nbsp; +1 (646) 558-8656 &nbsp; &rarr; &nbsp; PIN 320-940-886 |


---++ Upcoming Meetings
   * 2017-08-30 - [[20170830AgendaMinutes][User Support and Campus Grids (Emelie Harstad)]]

---++ Past Meeting Minutes

---+++ 2017

Now in reverse chronological order! Blank lines separate cycles of area coordinator presentations.

   * 2017-08-23 - [[20170823AgendaMinutes][Production Support (Ken Herner)]]
   * 2017-08-16 - [[20170816AgendaMinutes][Networking (Shawn McKee)]]
   * 2017-08-09 - [[20170809AgendaMinutes][Software and Release (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)]]
   * 2017-08-02 - [[20170802AgendaMinutes][Technology (Brian Bockelman)]]
   * 2017-07-26 - Canceled due to [[https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=14739][OSG planning retreat]]
   * 2017-07-19 - [[20170719AgendaMinutes][Security (Susan Sons)]]
   * 2017-07-12 - Canceled due to [[https://www.pearc17.pearc.org][PEARC17]]
   * 2017-07-05 - [[20170705AgendaMinutes][Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Rob Quick)]]

   * 2017-06-28 - [[20170628AgendaMinutes][User Support and Campus Grids (Mats Rynge)]]
   * 2017-06-21 - [[20170621AgendaMinutes][Technology (Brian Bockelman)]]
   * 2017-06-14 - [[20170614AgendaMinutes][Networking (Shawn !McKee)]]
   * 2017-06-07 - [[20170607AgendaMinutes][Security (Susan Sons)]]
   * 2017-05-31 - [[20170531AgendaMinutes][Production Support (Ken Herner)]]
   * 2017-05-24 - [[20170524AgendaMinutes][Software and Release (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)]]
   * 2017-05-17 - [[20170517AgendaMinutes][Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Scott Teige)]]

   * 2017-05-10 - [[20170510AgendaMinutes][Technology (Brian Bockelman)]]
   * 2017-05-03 - Canceled due to HTCondor Week 2017
   * 2017-04-26 - Canceled
   * 2017-04-19 - [[20170419AgendaMinutes][Networking (Shawn !McKee)]]
   * 2017-04-12 - [[20170412AgendaMinutes][User Support and Campus Grids (Bala Desinghu)]]
   * 2017-04-05 - [[20170405AgendaMinutes][Security (Susan Sons)]]
   * 2017-03-29 - [[20170329AgendaMinutes][Production Support (Ken Herner)]]
   * 2017-03-22 - [[20170322AgendaMinutes][Software and Release (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)]]
   * 2017-03-15 - [[20170315AgendaMinutes][Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Scott Teige)]]
   * 2017-03-08 - Canceled due to OSG All Hands Meeting

   * 2017-03-01 - [[20170301AgendaMinutes][Technology (Brian Bockelman)]]
   * 2017-02-22 - [[20170222AgendaMinutes][Networking (Shawn !McKee)]] 
   * 2017-02-15 - [[20170215AgendaMinutes][Security (Susan Sons)]]
   * 2017-02-08 - [[20170208AgendaMinutes][User Support and Campus Grids (Rob Gardner)]]
   * 2017-02-01 - [[20170201AgendaMinutes][Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Rob Quick)]]
   * 2017-01-25 - [[20170125AgendaMinutes][Software and Release (Tim Cartwright and Tim Theisen)]]
   * 2017-01-18 - [[20170118AgendaMinutes][Production Support (Ken Herner)]]

   * 2017-01-11 - [[20170111AgendaMinutes][Technology (Brian Bockelman)]]
   * 2017-01-04 - [[20170104AgendaMinutes][Networking (Shawn !McKee)]]

---+++ 2016 and earlier

Links to all Area Coordinator meetings from 2008&ndash;2016 are on [[AreaCoordinatorMeetingArchive][a separate archive page]].

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="year2_Area_Coordinators_v1.0.rtf" attachment="year2_Area_Coordinators_v1.0.rtf" attr="h" comment="Year2 Area Coordinators" date="1222354239" path="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\My Documents\OSG year2 plng\year2 Area Coordinators v1.0.rtf" size="12685" stream="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\My Documents\OSG year2 plng\year2 Area Coordinators v1.0.rtf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp29310" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="year3_Area_Coordinators_v2.3.doc" attachment="year3_Area_Coordinators_v2.3.doc" attr="h" comment="OSG Area Coordinators" date="1232563613" path="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\My Documents\OSG year3 plng\year3 Area Coordinators v2.3.doc" size="65024" stream="C:\Documents and Settings\cssehgal\My Documents\OSG year3 plng\year3 Area Coordinators v2.3.doc" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp37297" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Year4_Area_Coordinators_v1.3.doc" attachment="Year4_Area_Coordinators_v1.3.doc" attr="h" comment="" date="1254258414" path="Year4 Area Coordinators v1.3.doc" size="63488" stream="Year4 Area Coordinators v1.3.doc" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp18715" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Year4_Area_Coordinators_v1.4.doc" attachment="Year4_Area_Coordinators_v1.4.doc" attr="h" comment="" date="1254496280" path="Year4 Area Coordinators v1.4.doc" size="62976" stream="Year4 Area Coordinators v1.4.doc" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp18747" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Year5_Area_Coordinators_v0.3.docx" attachment="Year5_Area_Coordinators_v0.3.docx" attr="h" comment="" date="1282917860" path="Year5 Area Coordinators v0.3.docx" size="24676" stream="Year5 Area Coordinators v0.3.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp33682" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Year5_Area_Coordinators_v0.8.docx" attachment="Year5_Area_Coordinators_v0.8.docx" attr="h" comment="" date="1288810910" path="Year5 Area Coordinators v0.8.docx" size="25410" stream="Year5 Area Coordinators v0.8.docx" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp18831" user="ChanderSehgal" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="AreaCoordJune2012.ppt" attachment="AreaCoordJune2012.ppt" attr="h" comment="Fraser Production June 19 2012" date="1340218659" path="AreaCoordJune2012.ppt" size="1481216" stream="AreaCoordJune2012.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp60403" user="DanFraser" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Area_Coordinators_Production_Oct_31-2012.ppt" attachment="Area_Coordinators_Production_Oct_31-2012.ppt" attr="h" comment="AreaCoordinatorOct31-2012" date="1351710272" path="Area Coordinators Production Oct 31-2012.ppt" size="1486336" stream="Area Coordinators Production Oct 31-2012.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp64126" user="DanFraser" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Area_Coordinators_Production_May_8-2013.ppt" attachment="Area_Coordinators_Production_May_8-2013.ppt" attr="h" comment="" date="1368040203" path="Area Coordinators Production May 8-2013.ppt" size="1334784" stream="Area Coordinators Production May 8-2013.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp14290" user="DanFraser" version="1"}%
