%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1481047971" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ExecutiveTeam"}%

The next TEG update is presented [[TegUpdateJanuary][here]].

---++ Updates from the WLCG TEGs 

---+++ From databases (Dave Dykstra):
The co-chair and I held a workshop this month at CERN to get everybody's input.  We've split up the document into 4 subparts and appointed leaders for each one.  We're asking each to come up with a few pages of summary by early January and hope to have the whole document of recommendations by the end of January.  We've got a twiki at https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGDatabase with some info.  Items of note:
   * Interesting work in the WLCG in NoSQL databases.
      * CouchDB used heavily by CMS; has a RESTful interface so it ought to be good for caching.
      * Oracle's has a NoSQL offering; it's based on Berkeley DB and they're just trying to scale it to lots of simultaneous transactions on different data, they're not trying to solve the "slashdot effect" where there's many requests for the same data, which caching is so good at.

---+++ From DM/SM (Brian Bockelman):
Have been busy organizing the TEG and coordinating with Storage.  Basic idea is to try to poll the LHC experiments for their state-of-the art and opinions, then go to middleware providers, and build recommendations out of the result.  Busy interviewing the LHC experiments right now.  Items of note:
   * ALICE presented last week.  ALICE's data management model is wildly different from CMS/ATLAS that we are used to in the OSG.  There's basically no strict data-locality requirements (jobs are randomly distributed and read from "closest network replica"), and there is no pre-defined data placement policy.
   * CMS presents tomorrow.
   * There was a "Federated Data Store" meeting in Lyon last week.  Waiting impatiently on the finalized summary slides, and will forward to the ET.
   * WLCG MB gave us some very provocative questions for the VOs: Can we eliminate SRM?  What's the role of the LFC?  Can we eliminate GridFTP? (among others)

---+++ From security (Von Welch):

The TEG has organized itself around five topics: Risk Assessment, AAI on Worker Nodes, AAI on Storage Systems, Identity Federation, and Usability. Progress is mixed across the areas, but can generally be described as early stage (I'm leading Usability and admit to lagging). My subjective take is a strong emphasis on two topics: authentication and trust/responsibility distribution between users, VOs and sites.

(From Igor): Mostly working on the sub-topic of AAI on Worker Nodes

---+++ From WM (Igor Sfiligoi):
We had a single true meeting, F2F at CERN, a month ago, and the outcome was:
   1 All 4 LHC VOs are strongly committed to pilots, because of the limitations of direct submission
   1 Each VO has its own implementation and it likes it , i.e. unlikely to end up with a single implementation anytime soon
   1 MUPJ & WN security still an open discussion - some VO like glexec, some think they don't need it
   1 Sites expressed concern about security&legal implications of MUPJ; we expect tight collaboration with the Security TEG on this
   1 We discussed the so called "LCG pilot factory" - we agreed it should be a bulk submission mechanism in a CE
   1 There was some discussion about clouds, but not many people seem to care
   1 In theory we have a subgroup dedicated to Information Systems, but nobody really seemed to care

---+++ From Operations:

The operations TEG is split into 5 working groups:

   * WG1: Monitoring and metrics
   * WG2: Support tools + Underlying Services+ WLCG ops
   * WG3: Oper. Requirements on m/w
   * WG4: App s/w management
   * WG5: M/w config + m/w deployment + m/w distribution
      * Rob Quick along with Oliver Keeble are editors of WG5. 
   * Slides from latest meeting are available at https://indico.cern.ch/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=161830. 
   * At this point each working group has spent time identifying current tools and technologies used as well and potential technologies that could be used. This was done through a poll of WLCG admins, OSG requested input from USATLAS and USCMS Teir1s and Teir2s, but only got input from OU and UNL. We've also tried to identify areas that need improvement. Next steps are to "Identify tools or procedures that are out of date or should be rethought" and "identify the largest use of operational effort or areas of potential efficiency gains". The next meeting will be Dec 12. 


---+++ Links:
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGSecurityTEG
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGDatabase
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGDataManagement
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGTEGStorage
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WorkloadManagementTechnicalEvolution