%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobGardner" date="1155245680" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! Minutes of the OSG Executive Team 
%TOC%

---++ Attending

   * Doug, Rob, 
a11 1
---++ Agenda 
<pre>
We will have an Executive Team meeting on Thursday 10th August at our usual 4.30 pm CST. Leigh and Don and Torre I think are on vacation.
First of all congratulations to Alain and the VDT team on  the succesful release of VDT 1.3.11 and appreciation for all the hard work in integration and testing.
a13 1
The ET  agenda will include:
a) Round robin for questions/issues with project plans and goals.
b) Round robin of status of VOs use and satisfaction with OSG. A reminder that the liaisons for this are: ATLAS - Torre; GADU - Mike; LIGO - Albert; CDF, CMS - Frank; GLOW - Miron; Fermilab - Ruth; STAR - Doug; OSG - Leigh; Nanohub - Alain, Ruth;  D0 - Ruth; Should we include I2U2 - Mike?
c) Issues/items  wrt  EGEE, WLCG, TeraGrid
d) OSG 0.6.0 and VDT 1.3.12 -- what we know to date. Start of discussion of Development, Production, Stable Release process and incremental updates work.
e)  AOB? - - please send agenda items. I think there are issues from Leigh to check on but since she is on vacation I am leaving this for this week.
a20 1
Talk to you then
Ruth
</pre>

---++ Round robin for questions/issues with project plans and goals.
---++ Round robin of status OSG
d51 2
VOs use and satisfaction with OSG. A reminder that the liaisons for this are: ATLAS - Torre; GADU - Mike; LIGO - Albert; CDF, CMS - Frank; GLOW - Miron; Fermilab - Ruth; STAR - Doug; OSG - Leigh; Nanohub - Alain, Ruth;  D0 - Ruth; Should we include I2U2 - Mike?



---++ Issues/items  wrt  EGEE, WLCG, TeraGrid

---++ OSG 0.6.0 and VDT 1.3.12 
What we know to date. Start of discussion of Development, Production, Stable Release process and incremental updates work.

---++ AOB
Please send agenda items. I think there are issues from Leigh to check on but since she is on vacation I am leaving this for this week.


---++ Previous Action Items


 |Date  |Who |What |Comments | Status |  
 |3/23/2006  |   Ruth    |Site Coordinator | Get someone to work with the Sites configurations and fabric.  |  |  
 |3/23/2006  |   Alain    | Software support contacts | Publish URL to operations and OSG organizations of software contacts |  |   
 |3/16/2006  |   Ruth  | Storage | understand how to get contributions from storage technical group to integration activity  | |
 |3/16/2006  | Doug Olson  | Implement OSG RA   | On target for May 1  To be discussed in DOE PMA meeting 5/19/06 | Done  |  
 |3/16/2006  |  All  | WS-GRAM | Missing effort testing WS in release, WS-GRAM is installed by default but no testing, need well defined install sequence verified next Wednesday (3/22) ACDC, Gridcat & SFT test GridFTP so need something for WS-GRAM, and how-to-start/configure/use guide.  Waiting for success in 3500 job test between Globus/UNL.  Then will revise readiness plan, document recommended configuration etc  |  |  
 |2/9/2006 |Mike Wilde | GADU | Update for next meeting GADU  - What are OSG jobs?  who wants run.  |  |   
 | 2/9/2006 | Frank Wuerthwein, Ruth Pordes | Users web pages | How are the VO Twiki pages and Web portal user support pages going?  | |


-- Main.RuthPordes - 26 Jun 2006

