%META:TOPICINFO{author="ElizabethChism" date="1466008155" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="20110504AgendaMinutes"}%
---+!! <nop>%TOPIC%

---++ 3.1.1 Metrics Analysis 	

*Summary:*

All of the activities map onto the WBS areas:
   * 3.1.1.1 Metrics requirements, definition, and liaison with existing information sources 	
   * 3.1.1.2 Data mining and filtering and derived metrics data management
   * 3.1.1.3 Creation of OSG intelligence and key analytics
   * 3.1.1.4 Communicate interpretations in various forums (reports, blog, newsletter articles)


We have discussed metrics analysis and the more broadly scoped plans for "Assessment" in OSG at the March OSG Council meeting:
   * 3.1.1.4: [[%ATTACHURL%/assessment-report-Council.key.pdf][assessment-report-Council.key.pdf]]: assessment-report-Council.key.pdf

From that meeting we identified a number of near-term action items:

   * 3.1.1.3: Accurate assessment of opportunistic use of US ATLAS resources
      * This is work still in progress, but we have been working with US ATLAS to expand the set of VO's gaining access to opportunistic cycles.
      * Once CPU-normalization for processor types is fixed (see below) we will return to this.
      * Have looked into opportunistic access at AGLT2 for April - they are at least showing up.
      * Note: http://red-web.unl.edu/gratia/wlcg_reporting#atlas
      * April (full): <br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/wlcg-atlas-april.jpg" alt="wlcg-atlas-april.jpg" width='918' height='288' />    
      * May (to date):  <br />
     <img src="%ATTACHURLPATH%/wlcg-atlas-may-04.jpg" alt="wlcg-atlas-may-04.jpg" width='887' height='278' />    
      

   *  Gather Trash/Assessment data and organize to OSG activities
      * 3.1.1.1, 3.1.1.2, 3.1.1.3
      * No progress, defer to post-workshop.

   * Gather first round of “missing metrics” (payloads, site-internal IO, efficiency)
      * 3.1.1.1
      * We (Brian, Rob, Asha) have met to discuss collection of this on a subset of OSG sites to develop the concept
      * Face-to-face meeting ("metrics sprint") planned June 7 (Fermilab).

   * Organize Trash/Assessment workshop in advance of June accounting & metrics architecture review
      * 3.1.1.1, 3.1.1.2
      * We have met with NEES grid to review their work in this area
      * Organizing possible follow-up meeting with LHC project management (TBC)

   * 3.1.1.4: Assessment “blog” to enhance staff & community input
      * No progress

   * 3.1.1.4: Start regular monthly reports in April
      * No progress, therefore behind!

   * 3.1.1.4:
      * In the previous AC report we discussed the interpretation of walltime and "site" efficiencies
      * Metrics report on the impact of site architecture and data access methods on CPU efficiency in the OSG Facility (in progress)


---+++ Other
We have been following and facilitating where possible issues relating to measured delivery of CPU resources.  In particular the meaning and automated collection of normalized CPU in !HEPSpec2006 units.  This will require eventually cross-cutting work with Accounting, Interoperability and possible modifications to the Glue schema.  

---+++ No requested WBS changes


---+ 3.1.3 Metrics Reporting and Operations WBS Items:

---+++ Late / unsatisfactory progress

   * 3.1.3.1 Deploy metrics at GOC: In dev, but not production.
   * 3.1.3.6 Consistency RSV Probe: This has been released by VDT, but no progress from Metrics team.  This is high on Ashu's list for the next month.

---+++ Requested WBS changes

   * (Didn't make it on the WBS last time?) OSG.org usage graphs.  We discussed this with !FermiGrid; need guidance from OSG ET.
   * (No progress from last report, but never made it to WBS?) Re-validation of the correctness of the monthly thumbnail reports.  These have not been validated in awhile, and utilize external data sources - we should make sure those data sources are being used correctly.
   * (Didn't make it on the WBS last time?) Validate HTPC: From a metrics point-of-view, the end-to-end HTPC accounting data has not been validated.  Should this be metrics effort?
   * (NEW) Transfer operations of the HS06 calculation to GOC.

---+++ Progress:

   * Added ALICE to all our reports
   * Continuing to evolve calculation of HS06.
   * Almost all "metrics inquiries" are being handled by Ashu, not Brian (significant accomplishment, but not reflected in WBS).
      * Work items (small enough to not be on WBS) are here: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Trash/Trash/MeasurementsAndMetrics/MetricsTasksForAshu

%BR%
-- Main.RobGardner - 04 May 2011


%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="assessment-report-Council.key.pdf" attachment="assessment-report-Council.key.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1304515629" path="assessment-report-Council.key.pdf" size="5324974" stream="assessment-report-Council.key.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp42019" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="wlcg-atlas-april.jpg" attachment="wlcg-atlas-april.jpg" attr="" comment="" date="1304520221" path="wlcg-atlas-april.jpg" size="291279" stream="wlcg-atlas-april.jpg" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp44199" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="wlcg-atlas-may-04.jpg" attachment="wlcg-atlas-may-04.jpg" attr="" comment="" date="1304520453" path="wlcg-atlas-may-04.jpg" size="282146" stream="wlcg-atlas-may-04.jpg" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp44093" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="RobGardner" date="1304516633" from="Management.MetricsRobMay2011" to="Management.MetricsAnalysisMay2011"}%
