%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1204153290" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for YYYY/mm/dd - YYYY/mm/dd

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/02/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended storage training session.</li>
      <li>Arrange limo reservation with Alicia.</li>
      <li>Agree to ferry ribbons to all-hands for Ruth.</li>
      <li>Fix osg-vo-testing problem reported by Rob Q: disk full; clean up.</li>
      <li>Weigh in on ticket 4539 -- problems for Thierry submitting jobs. Get onto ticket cc list.</li>
      <li>At Brian's request, report problem with Nebraska site -- GUMS trouble.</li>
      <li>Request from Anne to go for photograph.</li>
      <li>IM with Brian B on reporting / metrics discrepancy -- resolved, readings are actually compatible.</li>
      <li>Diagnose non-problem for Chander.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More input on ASGC_OSG auth ticket (4446).</li>
      <li>Enrolled for storage course Wed.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>OSG UG minutes.</li>
      <li>Fix DN/VO correspondence problem in VO report query.</li>
      <li>Check in code.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone conversation with Abhishek regarding reports.</li>
      <li>Arrange flights for NC.</li>
      <li>OSG UG meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply on ATLAS_MWT2 auth ticket 4460.</li>
      <li>Reply on ASGC_OSG ticket 4446.</li>
      <li>Follow up with Brian on problem with his reporting tool spotted by Ruth.</li>
      <li>Notify Ruth that franklin is not listed in VORS.</li>
      <li>Agenda for OSG UG meeting.</li>
      <li>Bring Ruth up to date on status of Brian's report bug (fixed).</li>
      <li>Discussions with Chander.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reschedule Wed. meeting with Ruth for 11.00 at FCC.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More contribution to security discussion and VOs / sub-VOs.</li>
      <li>Mail with Ruth over area coordinator report.</li>
      <li>Add ress-support to ticket 4441.</li>
      <li>Try to get approval pushed through for trip to finalize hotel and flights.</li>
      <li>Add facility to specify use of local vomses file by osg-vo-tests to allow OSGEDU tests to work.</li>
      <li>Send notification of first tests in OSGEDU VO to Alina and Ruth.</li>
      <li>Question from Ruth over "unattributed use".</li>
      <li>Improvement to osg-vo-test code to allow automatic retry with local vomses file if VO not known (OSGEDU).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/02/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe over SSL trouble.</li>
      <li>Continue trying to work out SSL problems.</li>
      <li>Attend Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Answer question from Igor M. regarding record purging and table optimization.</li>
      <li>Answer question from Igor S. regarding glexec probe and pacman.</li>
      <li>Answer question from Tanya regarding !dCache probe install.</li>
      <li>Tweak glexec probe to use DN instead of !KeyInfo; and FQAN where available.</li>
      <li>Gratia.py:
        <ul><li>More debug statements.</li>
            <li>DN key gets written regardless of whether !KeyInfo is available. !UsageRecordLoader already gives preference to DN if both are present.</li>
            <li>Revise order of precedence for !VOName, etc from different sources.</li></ul></li>
      <li>Reply on ticket 4662 for Gratia reporting discrepancies at NERSC-davinci.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>At Alain's request, construct patch against globus 4.0.6 globus-job-manager-script.pl and give it to him.</li>
      <li>Continue diagnosing and fixing secure problems -- related mainly to code location and dependencies. Remaining problems with logging and unknown problem resetting SSL socket.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ask John W. to install pacman gsissh client to log into TTU as necessary to test DN/FQAN machinery on PBS/LSF.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Brian about !dCache probe logging.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Arvind on Metric problems.</li>
      <li>Start work on fixing secure operations.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>FN/FQAN code now works, even with grid-proxy. Still need to clean up trailing newlines.</li>
      <li>Tidy up jobmanager and produce patch.</li>
      <li>Check in all code.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Igor, Philippe, Diana, Anil and Dennis B. to discuss postgresQL migration study.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attend OSG Integration meeting to give Gratia status.</li>
      <li>Start testing DN/FQAN code; fix bugs.</li>
      <li>Heads-up from John W. that DN code was not working with grid-proxy.</li>
      <li>Also test new headers for POST that should obviate the need for the POST arg workaround: works great.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Brian B.</li>
      <li>DN/FQAN probe and collector work.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Continue DN/FQAN probe work.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>STR_TO_DATE week no. -> date conversion demonstration for Jeff.</li>
      <li>Reply to Eileen's email on Gratia support effort reporting.</li>
      <li>Weigh in on benchmarking discussion.</li>
      <li>Start work on DN/FQAN probe code.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/02/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log up to date.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Decline this month's department lunch due to Thursday meetings.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ops items for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Relax S&D configuration now we think we know what the problem was.</li>
      <li>Re-tighten config after more trouble.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Gabriele about equipment inventory.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Tweak Spybot configuration one more time.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Tweak spybot configuration to avoid conflict with WMI.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/02/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log, report and Ops items.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
      <li>More interaction with Dave S. over WMI problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 22 Feb 2008
