%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1268781586" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2010/03/15 - 2010/03/28

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Add problematic certificate to OSG VOMRS. Get error email (respond to email from Ruth re same). Unable to get proxy. Talk to Tanya -- investigating.</li>
      <li>Find VOMS GGUS, after asking John W. -- don't submit a ticket yet, wait for Tanya' investigations.</li>
      <li>Tanya restarted OSG VOMS. Proxy now obtained. Check geant4 again -- still failed. Submit GGUS ticket.</li>
      <li>Nearly ready to submit GGUS ticket, run proxy command again to get error message - works now. Argh. Tanya checked their logs -- confirms failure this morning and success now with no restart in between.</li>
      <li>More investigation into certificate shenanigans. No closure but at least we're operating now.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Certificate approved by Patricia, finally. Can't get voms proxy, though. Talk to Tanya -- logs indicate a problem in VOMS. Advised to submit GGUS ticket and try adding to a FNAL-controlled VOMRS to see what's going on.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Check into full disk on fg5x3 -- SAZ logs, but partition usage is inconsistent with files size. Compress files. discuss with Neha, Steve; report to fermigrid-ops.</li>
      <li id="CD">Copy certificates to gratia09:/root/certificate for John W.</li>
      <li>Respond to email from Karthik -- they need to install pyOpenSSL on their CE.</li>
      <li>Investigate replication slowdown on gr13x5. Research possible causes on web. Tweak config (FGCAB).</li>
      <li>More investigation of slowdown -- possibly tied to <em>extremely</em> long housekeeping XML delete run on gr12x3. Stop run to see if replication catches up.</li>
      <li>Much work to re-sync replication after failure on restart -- extra checks are necessary when temporary tables are in use to avoid shutting down the slave and losing the temporary table.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Karthik on getting their patched probe to work. Check on backlog clearing.</li>
      <li id="CD">Change fBatchSize for gr12x3 to relieve query pressure on slave (FGCAB).</li>
      <li class="todo">Need to discuss with Philippe why temporary table is required and remove if possible.</li>
      <li id="CD">Make sure firewalls, emacs, subversion, java, mysql client, .forward are configured on all dev. VMs.</li>
      <li>Forward info on replication and temporary tables.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Talk to Faarooq about remaining OS installs on gr5xN and gr6x2.</li>
      <li id="CD">Talk to Steve about acceptable firewall configs on gratia dev. machines.</li>
      <li id="CD" class="done">Request from John W. for certificates for gratia09 machines. Will do tomorrow AM.</li>
      <li id="CD">Talk to Steve and Faarooq about remaining VMS: gr5xN and gr6x2. Send latest org. doc. to Faarooq.</li>
      <li>Mail to Keith about getting Remedy pager rotation synced with email alert pager. Will do when he has time.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Respond to RSV ITB collector problem report from Arvind. Unclear what the problem might be, and provided logs don't go back far enough. Keep an eye on it and Arvind will send full logs next time.</li>
      <li>Chat to Suchandra, John W. about ITB testing of fixed probe. Good to go for release to OSG.</li>
      <li>Chat to Brian B. about reasons for root privileges in Gratia probes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with Alain over release.</li>
      <li>Test Philippe's fix on gr7x1 after CE install from John. Come up with better fix. Discuss with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Commit fix, test. Examine records in collector from esp. new condor probes: OK.</li>
      <li>Cut release; upload; notify VDT.</li>
      <li>Dump DB from gr6x2. Install, configure and load dumps on gr8x0.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Submit ticket to get Mac brought up to baseline.</li>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
      <li>Re-request property pass for E6500.</li>
      <li>Chat to Jim.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Time card.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
      <li>Work log.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 15 Mar 2010
