%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985964" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<h1>Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/04/02 - 2007/04/13</h1>
%TOC%

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

<h3>User Support</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/04/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Gabriele about road map for GUMS and whether a feature required for multiple VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo's with the same DN and pool accounts would make it into OSG 0.8.0.
            Asked Igor if the current paradigm would be a problem for CDF: apparently not because they use Parrot and nothing is assumed to be on the local node.</li>
      <li>Warned Mats about Fermigrid problems with Engage jobs.</li>
      <li>Checked in with Paul !LeBrun this morning; explained some of Steve's latest email; looks good to go.</li>
      <li>Checked in briefly with Paul !LeBrun: claims to be running well.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Following Paul !LeBrun's problems -- Steve asked a question about streaming on =osg-int= and got the answer, "Can't get there from here, gotta go someplace else.</li>
      <li>Alerted Forrest to existence of streaming email thread on =osg-int= for user's guide.</li>
      <li>Updated latest [[http://home.fnal.gov/~greenc/site_tests/Engage_latest/][Engage VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo site tests]].</li>
      <li>Checked in with Paul at the end of the day -- seems quite happy. Asked him to let me know if he encounters problems or needs to do something he doesn't know how yet.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mails with Mats about Engage problems.</li>
      <li>Time spent with Paul !LeBrun, and discussions about same between myself, Eileen and Steve T. Two main problems:
        <ul>
          <li>Executable caching (workaround from Steve -- change script name).</li>
          <li> =stderr= spooling not working: Steve working on it.</li>
        </ul>
Will check in over the next few days to see how he's doing.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence back and forth with Mats Rynge about shrinking Engage support, apparently correlated with 0.6.0 uptake. Investigate further Tuesday</li>
      <li>Mail from Forrest regarding OSG install / config warning seen on a list email Friday -- apparently is already in instructions</li>
      <li>Discussions with Paul !LeBrun regarding out-of-hours support policies for FNAL GRID facilities.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Spent quite some time trying to find a way to handle "nice" cleanup of Paul !LeBrun's jobs -- failed miserably.</li>
      <li>Responded to Ruth's emails regarding location of VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo test results, and re operations meeting Monday.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Anne Heavey about ways of making site test results available in TWiki:
        <ul>
          <li>Sent email to Anne and Ruth summarizing discussion and asking for choice of solution.</li>
          <li>Received email from Anne stating Ruth had already asked her to discuss it in the docs meeting.
            <ul>
              <li>Ruth's preference is for something handled by GOC in Indiana and hosted by the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS site.</li>
              <li>Anne also mentioned that Ruth would like she and myself to go to RENCI before September to help set up an Engage VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo demo.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Work with Paul !LeBrun (ILC/Accelerator) to improve efficiency of his grid use.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Forrest Christian about ideas for Documentation.GridUsersGuide based on recently encountered, "reasonable but unrealistic" user expectations.</li>
      <li>Received email from Ruth asking about ways of tracking Engage time and improvements thereto:
        <ul>
          <li>Replied suggesting a weekly email report like the more general ones</li>
          <li>Also mentioned existence and location of work log</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Forrest about uploading of site test results to TWiki.</li>
      <li>Respond to thread GRAM auditing (Stuart Martin, Frank Weurthwein).</li>
      <li>Discussions with Keith Chadwick about alternative ways of making site test results available in TWiki.</li>
      <li>Obtained and returned an answer for Marcia regarding OSG CPU time used by !MiniBooNE.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Gratia</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/04/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Working meeting with Jeff: worked around a problem he was having with viewer.jsp not able to cope with embedded spaces in an argument to a stored procedure.</li>
      <li>Mails with Greg and the gang about =ReportingConfig.xml=: apparently I don't need to jump through hoops after all because it's configured automatically.</li>
      <li>Continued work on [[%SCRIPTURLPATH{"view"}%/Accounting/InstallationGuideFNAL?rev=4][Tomcat / Gratia installation instructions]], including automatic configuration script.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Back and forth with Jeff over changes to =create_build-stored-procedures.sql= -- made correction.</li>
      <li>Back and forth with Penelope over telnet security dings.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Jeff over obstacles to fast updates of reports, etc on production servers under new paradigm.</li>
      <li>Brief call-in to ITB meeting to join a conversation about logging.</li>
      <li>More interaction with Shreyas about =Gratia.py= problems -- he provided a patch to fix one problem.</li>
      <li>Work on configuration script for collector install.</li>
      <li>Sent email complaining about =ReportingConfig.xml=, which causes all sorts of problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Worked with Steve on VM problems.</li>
      <li>Checked VM DB and test collectors, notified Jeff.</li>
      <li>Mail between Shreyas, Alain and myself over /usr/bin/env vs /bin/env in python scripts.</li>
      <li>Resumed work on new collector installs.</li>
      <li>Follow-up email with a couple of questions to Greg.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Stopped collector DB updates on cd-psg2 for DB upgrade.</li>
      <li>Reconfigured collectors to go to =gratia06= and restarted.
        <ul>
          <li>Problems with ports in use: ports not always being closed down properly on tomcat stop.</li>
          <li> =gratia-db01= alias didn't move. Reported to Steve, will be fixed with nameserver reload tomorrow.</li>
          <li>Problem with stuck queues on QCD collector: needs to be looked at.</li>
          <li>New machines were not added timely to bluearc's export list. Reported to Steve, ticket entered. Not done as of EOB Tuesday.</li>
          <li>Restarted VM's (needed to run =vmware-config.pl=). Waiting for new IPs from Steve.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Mails and chats with Jeff and John about DB name changes and other sundries: should have written this down somewhere more explicitly.</li>
      <li>Email from Steve about plans for next week -- seem sensible.</li>
      <li>More email with Shreyas -- included workaround for getting correctly compiled =urCreator= binary on !SuSE system.</li>
      <li>Mails with Stephen Potter regarding problem with =Gratia.py= not being found. Advised to reinstall RPMs; waiting for response.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Steve Timm regarding upgrades Tuesday: decided to postpone collector upgrade and just do DB. Collector upgrade procedure needs to be thoroughly tested and new collectors to be, "burned in."</li>
      <li>Agenda, meeting and minutes for weekly Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>More work on [[%SCRIPTURLPATH{"view"}%/Accounting/InstallationGuideFNAL?rev=2][Tomcat / Gratia installation instructions]].</li>
      <li>Mails with Shreyas Cholia about SGE and pbs-lsf probe bugs.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Returned Greg's email with followup questions.</li>
      <li>More work on [[%SCRIPTURLPATH{"view"}%/Accounting/InstallationGuideFNAL?rev=1][Tomcat / Gratia installation instructions]] for Tuesday.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li> More discussions with Jeff Mack about reports and testing of stored procedures.</li>
      <li> Continue thread with Alan Sill:
        <ul>
          <li> Asked for more details of problem.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Started work on tomcat / collector install procedure for new production machines (deadline April 10):
        <ul>
          <li>Downloaded latest tomcat 5.5 install (5.5.23) to gratia08.</li>
          <li>Sent Greg mail asking about access control for tomcat admin and for gratia-administration admin.</li>
          <li>Sent Greg mail asking about =autodeploy= setting.</li>
          <li>Reply from Greg: access control is pretty much what I thought it was, and autodeploy should be set to true.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Troubleshoot problems with Purdue's probes (David Braun, Preston Smith).</li>
      <li>Respond to Alan Sill and Alain Roy regarding =TTU_ANTEUS= correspondence.</li>
      <li>Respond to Merina Albert regarding =cmsosgce= =psacct= RPM.</li>
      <li>Respond to Karen Sheplak regarding =psacct= problem:
        <ul>
          <li>Put together pre-release RPM set addressing her problem;</li>
          <li>Put together pre-release TWiki page for limited distribution of pre-release probe RPMs.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Discussions with Jeff about reports:
        <ul>
          <li>Add facility for =create_build-stored-procedures-sql= to produce code for only the procedures specified on the command line.</li>
          <li>Check and check in =create_build-stored-procedures-sql= and =build-stored-procedures.sql= </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Other</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/04/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~84 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 11 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~94 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 16 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Thunderbird and disk space trouble -- resolved eventually. Argh.</li>
      <li>Met with Mine Altune, candidate for OSG security post.</li>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~105 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 25 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More discussion of TWiki problems with Forrest regarding checkpointing failure. Seems to be pilot error this time.</li>
      <li>More time trying to fix "no signal" problem. Fixed eventually, don't know how (could be connection instability).</li>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~106 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 12 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~86 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 23 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Wasted time trying to fix resurgence of "no signal" monitor problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Asked Forrest about inline-includes for (eg) to-do lists
        <ul>
          <li>Received reply: nothing per se, but a couple of useful TWiki plugins are available, and some stylesheet magic might help.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Asked Forrest about referring to specific revisions of a topic.</li>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~64 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 13 work-related emails.</li>
     </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Started work log.</li>
      <li>Tidied up email.</li>
      <li>Access-protected work log.</li>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~75 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 12 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attend department meeting.</li>
      <li>Read Fermilab Today.</li>
      <li>Read CD Tracks.</li>
      <li>Fill in CD Tracks questionnaire.</li>
      <li>Read &amp; kept ~70 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 16 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 16 Apr 2007

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ForrestChristian
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 16 Apr 2007