%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1251241643" format="1.1" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2009/08/17 - 2009/08/28

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Julia, Sunanda and Hans W. on Geant4.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Iter meeting set for Wed. 1pm.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Incorporate comments from Gabriele into TG application plan and send for more comments. Minor suggestions for alterations to draft #2 incorporated. Send to Ruth.</li>
      <li>Start TG evaluation.</li>
      <li>More ticket correspondence from NERSC. They want to push to a mailing list. Inaugurate osg-nersc-reports@opensciencegrid.org and reply.</li>
      <li>Announce Phil's presentation for Friday 8/28.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail from Steve: FG jobs stalled on D0 due to brain-dead WS container; now fixed.</li>
      <li>Continue with TG application plan. Send to Gabriele for comments.</li>
      <li>Reply to NERSC message about automated reports. Offer alternatives and ask for more info on their preferred choice of implementation.</li>
      <li>Talk to Ruth and Phil about reports and presentation. Arrange WH9SE for Friday week.</li>
      <li>Chat to Parag about Joe's plan to upgrade Condor on glidein node.</li> 
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Next attempt: work with Doru and Anand to follow 1000 jobs through fixed OSG-TG gateway to NCSA-HG. Things log-jammed eventually.</li>
      <li>'Phone conference with Steve and Neha, Doru and Anand to discuss lessons learned and next steps.</li>
      <li>Request from Steve to submit 1000 test jobs to FNAL_FERMIGRID. Do so.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to work with Doru AM to follow 1000 GT4 jobs through the system. Trouble caused by upgrades to tg.osg.org previous day installing the GT2 with delegation -- pre-release condor has a GT4 regression.</li>
      <li>Mail to Phil asking about vacation.</li>
      <li>Start work on TG application plan. Ask Dan about outline numbering in Google docs. Not available, so switch to OOo instead.</li>
      <li>Mail with Joe Boyd about D0 glidein node.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail with Doru, JP and Anand on NCSA GW upgrades and configuration.</li>
      <li>Mail to NERSC to restart discussions of automated monthly reports.</li>
      <li>Mail with Ruth _et al._ about TG report.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Gabriele about work items for Engagement WBS.</li>
      <li>Send WBS items to engage-team. Heads-up to John McG.</li>
      <li>Mail to Joe B. to try to get D0 glidein factory working again.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate Burt's report of jobs killed by SYSTEM_PERIODIC_REMOVE not being taken into account as failed CPU. Not being flagged in such a way as to be summarized as a failed job.</li>
      <li>Write script to leverage ZRM backup script to shut down DB updates and perform optimization for schemata. Test and run on gratia06.</li>
      <li>Ask Steve to install certificates, etc. on gratia07.</li>
      <li>Answer find question from Dan.</li>
      <li>Work with Dan on gratia02 reboot and checks.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Steve and Keith about Remedy - FP interface plans. Request that XML schema be not controlled by GOC.</li>
      <li>Chat to Brian about Nebraska and BNL issues.</li>
      <li>FGCAB for optimization of Fermi DB schemata -- not applied.</li>
      <li>With Philippe, investigate slow upload rates from BNL SE and CMS T1 SE -- appears to be a scalinig problem. Large numbers of files on BNL SE probe-side -- 2.1M. Faulty logic meshing between Gratia.py and dCache probe. Philippe to fix.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check on BNL progress. IM with Philippe and Brian.</li>
      <li>Fermigrid meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check on BNL progress.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigations with Brian, Philippe into BNL transfer problems.</li>
      <li>Question from Ruth regarding Engage vs engage translations on reporting. Fixed.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>With Steve, change VO name translations for FNAL sub-VOs.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM with Brian and Philippe over BNL and Caltech grid-ftp.</li>
      <li>Review training material and complete online test for computer room hazard analysis.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Make requested additions to buffering document in time for Production meeting.</li>
      <li>More discussion of ongoing problems with BNL _et al._</li>
      <li>Develop revised summary procedure to capture !JobStatus=3 jobs as failures.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Philippe about BNL / Nebraska and related issues. Also ask about feasibility of current HA plans.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="todo">IM with Brian over buffering doc -- he has edited, has a couple of questions for me to answer in text.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Tanya on pyOpenSSL question.</li>
      <li>Compose doc. to answer Miron's questions via Brian about Gratia buffering and failure points. Send to Brian and link to TWiki. Discussion about discoveries and misunderstandings with Philippe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work with Philippe to fix problems in dCache-Transfer probe: query inefficiency, response handling. Mirror changes in HEAD and v1-04-patches branch.</li>
      <li>Tag and cut new version of probes for VDT and Tanya based on v1-04-patches branch. Announce to VDT.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Reinstate nightly installs of gratia02 collectors.</li>
      <li class="todo">Request from Philippe to look at !UColorado SGE logs.</li>
      <li>'Phone conversation with Alain, IM with Scot  re probe release in relation to RSV problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Philippe about meet and greet on 8/31. Ask Jemise to arrange a room all day.</li>
      <li>Message from Ruth about availability for 8/28, visit from Dan F.</li>
      <li>IM, mail with Soichi and Scot _et al._ about RSV-ITB questions.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on !CommonName parsing problems.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe and Brian over !SiteName / Resource / !ResourceGroup impending fiasco.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Catch up on worklog.</li>
      <li>Weigh in on password thread.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Brief chat with Don regarding baseline policy. Receive draft. Check with Eileen for good PDF translation -- OOo3.1 has trouble with images, etc, etc.</li>
      <li>Mail to Cele to enquire about license for Office 2008 for Mac. Out of office until Wed.</li>
      <li>Short day due to family emergency.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Catch up with work log.</li>
      <li>Time card.</li>
      <li>Change IMAP password.</li>
      <li>Change Kerberos password.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>OSG@FNAL meeting.</li>
      <li>Trouble with Mac update and/or sleep.</li>
      <li>Lunch time conversation with Vicky about grids.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Respond to ding re missing DHCP interface registration for Mac. Fix node registration and update in TIssue.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/18</dt>
  <dt>2009/08/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Worklog and time card.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report.</li>
      <li>More Sophos back and forth with Kirk. Unintstall and re-install -- works now. Yay!</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 17 Aug 2009