%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1237579509" format="1.1" reprev="1.5" version="1.5"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2009/03/16 - 2009/03/27

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

*[Vacation 2009/03/23 - 2008/03/27]*

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/03/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail from Sunanda -- agrees to help where he can.</li>
      <li>Query from Ruth on status of M. Link OSG application.</li>
      <li>Brief chat with Lee L. about !MiniBooNE computing requirements.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More correspondence with Geant4. Patricia finally has something she thinks will work.</li>
      <li>Chat to Ruth at lunch.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Arvind and Burt on practicalities of running own BDII for Geant4.</li>
      <li>Look at logs from Patricia's test run. Something is still not right. She'll be leaving for CHEP. Try to get Julia, Sunanda or Daniel to meet her there. Definitely get the feeling there are competency issues here.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Shreyas regarding possible JM problems, cc:d to Steve T and Alain who both had useful things to say. Continuing correspondence.</li>
      <li>Semi-private reply regarding BNL / Geant4 mapping policy. Frustrated with continuing high site overhead at sites in general and BNL in particular. Continuing correspondence.</li>
      <li>One more ping to G4 people on progress.</li>
      <li>Question to Burt / Arvind on VO-local BDII feasibility.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Status report to Ruth & Abhishek on G4 and related correspondence.</li>
      <li>Some more work on Iter, stalled by requiring Franklin to work (stalled for maintenance).</li>
      <li>Brief IM with Ruth re current work.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Continue working with NERSC submission: still suffering from apparent end-of-job stall (no reply from Jeff C. yet), but grid-submitted job has completed -- now need to retrieve output at end of job.</li>
      <li>First attempt at file transfer -- use transfer_output_files without paths and assume globusrsl initialdir works.</li>
      <li>Report fork environment problems to Shreyas -- worked around with a hard-wired hack.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/03/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate possible problems with Clemson-Palmetto. Extensive diagnostics and campfire discussion. Gratia was operating properly, they just didn't have anyone submitting OSG jobs. Also, PER_JOB_HISTORY_DIR was not set; now fixed.</li>
      <li>Question to Keith about John Hover's comment on pool accounts.</li>
      <li>Fermigrid group meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussion on pager rotation during vacation.</li>
      <li>Restore expert access to Remedy.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fermi transfer has finally caught up. Start replication to osg-transfer.</li>
      <li>Respond to questions about root DB password from Keith.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More discussion on syslog-ng issues.</li>
      <li>Check fermi-transfer progress. Almost caught up (less than one day behind). Not restarted replication yet, though.</li>
      <li>Investigate problems with LQCD reporting. Problem shutting down service prior to last upgrade led to corrupt directory structure under gratia-reporting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Back and forth including technical meeting on syslog-ng issues affecting collectors.</li>
      <li>Question from Keith on feasibility of changing schema names -- not really.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Dan, Keith, Steve on syslog-ng problem.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Dan, Keith, Steve on weekend's collector troubles -- gr5x0 and gr8x0 related to memory options going in JAVA_OPTS instead of CATALINA_OPTS again -- fix was not ported to patches branch.</li>
      <li>Follow fermi-transfer catchup process: up to 3/7 now.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/03/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Continue work on data structures for reporting name reports.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More improvements to RSV probe. Documentation. Announcement.</li>
      <li>Continue work on reporting name reports -- need to reorganize internal data structures to be more versatile.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Ping Arvind for an answer on RSV: provided a pointer to old module and promised to update probe when checked in and tested against old module.</li>
      <li>Finish initial edits to RSV probe including checkout and fixes using old module. Checked in for Arvind to modify for new module.</li>
      <li>Reply to Rob on myosg / OIM interface stability issues.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Some work on RSV probe -- stalled due to major API change. Query Arvind.</li>
      <li>Work on email user reports for a subset of reporting names on a VO. Not complete.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Short followup discussion with Philippe on provenance tables.</li>
      <li>Short discussion with Philippe on weekend problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/03/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>All-hands meeting.</li>
      <li>Effort reporting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/03/19</dt>
  <dt>2009/03/18</dt>
  <dt>2009/03/17</dt>
  <dt>2009/03/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log update, bi-weekly report and group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 16 Mar 2009
