%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1201915167" format="1.1" reprev="1.9" version="1.9"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2008/01/21 - 2008/02/01

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/02/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Answered queries from R. Jeff Porter and Charles Bacon about my WS discussion.</li>
      <li>Minutes of UG meeting and synopsis for ET.</li>
      <li>Hand-off to Abhishek for next week.</li>
      <li>Received new schedule for area coordinator meetings: UG on Feb 14 now.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Rob Q on currently-open OSG VO tickets.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Ruth on panel discussion at all-hands.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/31</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Asked question at integration meeting about GT4 and multiple certs / VO attribute jobs in the queue at the same time.</li>
      <li>Agenda and attend UG meeting.</li>
      <li>Mail to UG asking to reschedule future meetings.</li>
      <li>Attend area coordinator meeting.</li>
      <li>Contribute to fermigrid-discuss on service certs.</li>
      <li>Notify Ruth and John !McGee about publishing of admission procedure doc.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Abhishek and Chander on moving UG presentation at area coord. meetings to be on the same day as facility presentations because of interaction between us and them.</li>
      <li>Gabriele asked to put !ReSS discussion with Mats on UG agenda next week to discuss what Engage is now doing with !ReSS.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Update admissions document and get to Chander for review.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Steve T. on problems with Deepak's jobs.</li>
      <li>Respond to Bockjoo Kim on osg-users CE-problem query.</li>
      <li>Upload new doc to OSG !DocDB.</li>
      <li>Prelim. work on adapting reporting do do without VOMRS. Will have two modes, no-vomrs and no-voms. The latter will not know about DNs not in the Gratia DB for the period in question. First one is easy within the current structure; second one will take some thought.</li>
      <li>Correspondence on Teraport !ReSS ticket #4449.</li>
      <li>Mail to Chander and Mine about uploading of new doc (737).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Asked for GROW-UNI-P auth ticket (4440) to be re-opened as problem has reappeared.</li>
      <li>OSG meeting with Ruth, Mine and John !McGee; apprised of Yang situation and forwarded email to Ruth.</li>
      <li>Requested and obtained addition to !OSGStaff group of OSG !DocDB.</li>
      <li>Help Petar with getting a service cert.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Chander on uploading non-stub version of admissions document.</li>
      <li>Help Deepak with client access (ticket 4422): need to poke holes in client firewall.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Cancel today's meeting UGCT meeting due to FNAL CD all-hands.</li>
      <li>Follow-up on Baggett, Pierce and Yang:
      <ul><li>Baggett approved;</li>
          <li>Pierce reset due to problem progressing from phase I to phase II of VOMRS registration -- asked to reset;</li>
          <li>Problems with Yang's institutional affiliation: claims Vanderbei as direct supervisor but Vanderbei claims Yang's "guest" status expired about a year ago. Discussion with Chander, asked for Yang to get someone from Princeton ORFE to vouch for him. Waiting for email.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Meeting with Mine, kick-started verification process.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Gabriele and !TechX.</li>
      <li>Cut and released v0.20 of osg-vo-tests, sent links to !TechX rep on Gabriele request and Gabriele. Still need to document site selection functionality ("ding list").</li>
      <li>Progress on !ReSS publishing problems 4445 (SMU-PHY) -- solved; and 4440 (GROW-UNI-P) -- solved from my point of view, continued follow-up from Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Correspondence on Petar's host cert problem woes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Michael Yang. Need list of approved CAs.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Deepak and Steve about Deepak's job problems -- some ideas for him to try.</li>
      <li>List of approved CAs and supported Linux distributions to MY.</li>
      <li>SPRACE auth problem (ticket 4459) solved and closed.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply on ticket status updates.</li>
      <li>Reply to Steve Timm's email about !MiniBooNE's Production role.</li>
      <li>Mail to Mine arranging to go over GOC DB when she gets back from DC.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/02/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Anil on Gratia project details, challenges and directions.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Diana on !MySQL UPD cut.</li>
      <li>Work on adding certinfo processing to Gratia.py (ongoing).</li>
      <li>Work with Neha on !dCache probe install problems and hand over to Brian to help while I'm on furlough.</li>
      <li>Discuss with Keith C. and respond to Ruth on problematic report from Brian B -- looks like something wrong with his reporting system. Gratia exonerated in this matter, at least.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe and John over minor emergent release issues.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/31</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gave Gratia status at integration meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Finish discussion on certinfo implementation (jobmanager side).</li>
      <li>Status report to Philippe.</li>
      <li>Gratia Meeting.</li>
      <li>Add and debug trace table entry to allow tracking of query times.</li>
      <li>Shell snippet to Penelope to enable different setups on different machines with same home dir.</li>
      <li>Test authorization of replicating collector to collector via SSL -- broken, needs work.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe, Eileen and Gabriele about Gratia and security needs.</li>
      <li>More discussion on delegation problems: turns out that all CondorG jobs get delegated so we only have to worry about WS, non-CondorG jobs (ie weird invocations of globusrun-ws).</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Greg S. on transfer probe.</li>
      <li>New version of transfer probe from Greg -- tweak spec file to allow overrides of tarfile contents.</li>
      <li>Work with Neha to get !dCache RPMs on fapl -- python problems with old OS and RPM macro substitution problems.</li>
      <li>Keith C. mentioned that gratiax35 is doing VOMS lookups to fermigrid2 -- got John W. to fix.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Horst and diagnostics on OU_OSCER_CONDOR ticket 4549.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Spent a long time improving proxy-read to make it more robust and analyzing failure cases. Turns out not all WS jobs delegate.</li>
      <li>Find and fix glexec bug where !ProbeName was being hardwired. Also fix !ResouceType.</li>
      <li>Talk to John about testing problems.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Globus crew about delegation problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence on XP class.</li>
      <li>Work with Alain and John on getting DN and FQAN from proxy in JobManager.</li>
      <li>Work on solving !MySQL !InnoDB problem with Brian B.: turns out to be that !MySQL can't access more than about 3GB memory on a 32-bit OS.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe and John.</li>
      <li>Attended OSG integration meeting to report on yesterday's discussions with BNL and friends.</li>
      <li>Mail to Neha with location of 3.0.5 build of latest dCache RPMs.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Dan Y. about new fully-qualified DN's. Need example -- gridmap, not "reverse grid map", so no good.</li>
      <li>Looong Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Need to dredge up PDF->PNG conversion.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe about BNL request.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Diana about DB backup solutions.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Brian B.</li>
      <li>Attempt build on fapl041 -- built, needs testing and refinement of RPM requirements.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe -- hold off FQAN/DN jobmanager updates.</li>
      <li>Finish and check PBS/LSF parsing improvements.</li>
      <li>Drop in Greg's new dcacheStorageMeter.py and adjust .spec file to allow override of tar file.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/02/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log update.</li>
      <li>Status report to Gabriele and Tanya.</li>
      <li>Vacation message for furlough.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ops items for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Furlough confirmed for 2008/02/04 - 2008/02/10.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussed and agreed revised goals with Gabriele.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended CD all-hands meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read and review furlough documentation.</li>
      <li>Talk to Eileen and Gabriele about taking furlough for week of Feb 4.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Get old laptop up to date and working as stand-in for main one.</li>
      <li>Laptop to Mike P. for investigation / repair.</li>
      <li>Effort reporting.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 01 Feb 2008
