%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445464" format="1.1" version="1.11"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/12/10 - 2007/12/21

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/12/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Finish adding list-making facility to site test kit; problems caused thereby also fixed.</li>
      <li>Make special run of OSG site tests to generate lists of failing sites for submission to GOC.</li>
      <li>Canceled OSG UG meetings over break; resume on Jan 3. Canceled !MeetingPlace schedule also.</li>
      <li>Fixed site list test for OSG 0.6.0+ sites with no !ReSS listing.</li>
      <li>Spoke to Abhishek about !Gratia survey.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Comments on <nop>SurveyMonkey draft for Rob Q.</li>
      <li>Brief (unsuccessful) attempt to fix site test problems introduced by code to add list-making facility; needs more work with a clear head.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attend Site Admins' meeting.</li>
      <li>Attend OSG UGCT meeting with Ruth.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Rob Quick about VO support tickets: will accept, needs lists.</li>
      <li>Work on adding list specification ability to site test kit based on arbitrary test result criteria -- not finished.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Rob Quick about survey of VOs to collect Gratia requirements for data content and longevity.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discuss comments on talk with Eileen; make improvements.</li>
      <li>Attend Site Admins' Meeting.</li>
      <li>Give talk to Site Admins' Meeting.</li>
      <li>Arrange to meet with Rob Q. and Tim S. tomorrow about VO support tickets.</li>
      <li>Talk to Steve T. about location of gLexec install instructions for VDT package.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Brief chat to Mine about GOC DB updates.</li>
      <li>Work on presentation for OSG Site Admins' meeting; out to Eileen, Gabriele, Mats and OG UG team for comments.</li>
      <li id="I20071212_Prelim_Site_Rankings">Email from Rob Q with preliminary site rankings.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat with Chander about interpreting OSG User Metrics spreadsheet.</li>
      <li>Obtained GOC VO registration DB dump as authorization problem is finally solved; still waiting for info on where to send people to update their registrations.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/12/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Cancel !MeetingPlace reservations for Gratia meetings; next meeting Jan 2.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe about dCache progress.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Steve about x86_64 prospects for gratia development machine (seriously bleedng edge, apparently).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Response to psacct problem report from Jeff -- probably /tmp space filled up and temp. table corruption.</li>
      <li>Lots of yak shaving trying to get a working install of the dCache probes on a system here: didn't work on fapl due to the combination of old OS and non-standard postgresql system with devel libraries just plain not available.</li>
      <li>Fixed problems reported by Brian Bockelman and eventually obtained an x86_64 build at the cost of annoying Keith by doing it on fgtest1. Eventually got the right packages installed on flxi02 thanks to Margaret G.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fix minor problems with dCache probes and rename dCache to dCache-transfer; repackage.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Brian B., Neha and Greg S. about testing -- tomorrow.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Brian B., Greg S., Ted H. and Ruth P. about dCache probe. Rename dCache probe to dCache-transfer. Brian B. wants to test RPMS ASAP.</li>
      <li>Make AFS/web area available for upload of OSG animation set.</li>
      <li>Chat with John W.</li>
      <li>Chat Burt Holzman about ps-accounting and gratia probe installs.</li>
      <li>Mail to Gratia list pointing to Xin Zhao's talk.</li>
      <li>Mail to Rob Q suggesting workaround for site ranking / Gratia problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe and mail sent to Suchandra listing Gratia's requirements on OSG stack for 1.0: GRAM auditing including FQAN storage.</li>
      <li>Updates on UNM_HPC ticket #4091 (not fixed).</li>
      <li>Updates on isuhep ticket #4076 -- fixed.</li>
      <li>Investigations into Terrence's "ding" in [[#I20071212_Prelim_Site_Rankings][site ranking list]] due to Gratia. Turns out to be due to USCDT2-B reporting (intentionally) as UCSDT2 and therefore getting missed by Rob's checks.</li>
      <li>Mail from Neha: RPMS will be tested Thursday after her talk Wed.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe -- catch up.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John W. about GRAM-auditing.</li>
      <li>Diagnose DB lockup problem with production Gratia -- !UsageBySite query against =JobUsagerecord_Report= -- need to overhaul stored procedures to not use the =_Report view= as it is terribly inefficient.</li>
      <li>Finished preliminary version of packaged dCache probes; Neha will install on the FAPL billing host. Minor problems in configuration of =MeterName= to overcome.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/12/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Eileen re details of missed CD all-hands meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Advice to John M. about solving a C++ wrapper class problem.</li>
      <li>Effort reporting.</li>
      <li>Ops meeting items for Tanya.</li>
      <li>Go home sick.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Safety question to Eileen about positioning of printer and copier: will enquire.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Department lunch.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Find (old) backup of Work directory on laptop after it has unaccountably disappeared some time in the last month. Luckily, the document I wanted, while not on the backup (too recent) was in the Google Desktop cache at least in outline form.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ops and bi-weekly reports for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Timesheet for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 10 Dec 2007