%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1180105633" format="1.1" version="1.24"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<h1>Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/05/14 - 2007/05/25</h1>
%TOC%

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

<h3>User Support</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/05/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Traced remaining problem with MiniBooNE stuff to an incomplete software build on LTS4.4: emailed Chris.</li>
      <li>More MiniBooNE problems once we got past that hurdle. Now waiting for diagnosis of problem on =bishopford='s gridftp server.</li>
      <li>Attended User Support meeting with Frank. See minutes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Prepared announcement for emailing as pure HTML -- remove TWiki-isms. Submitted to EB.</li>
      <li>Heard from Chris Polly regarding two problems:
        <ul>
        <li>Jobs are not being authorized on fngp although they authorize just fine on CMS and CDF. SAZ kicking out for null VO info in proxy -- not sure why. Working with Neha.</li>
        <li>Jobs on CMS are exiting with no log info after ~30 mins.</li>
        </ul>
      <li>Mail from Nickolai regarding SDSS job managers stuck on TTU-ANTAEUS, could be mine. Replied.</li>
      <li>Worked with Neha some more on fngp-osg problem: solution is to not use fngp-osg from which to submit. This will shortly be enforced policy anyway. Waiting for diagnostics from Chris on other problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail to Tim Miller for CHARMM info: timeline trouble with vacations -- trying to resolve.</li>
      <li>Helped !MiniBooNE resolve a problem with new push-based script. More testing underway.</li>
      <li>More problems with MiniBooNE script: should now be working for app. deposit -- next is to test job run.</li>
      <li>Got draft announcement ready for Ruth's comments.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Over weekend -- back and forth re Paul Lebrun VO membership problems.</li>
      <li>Spoke to Steve, brought Eilieen up to date -- Keith has fixed the problem, I think.</li>
      <li>Wrote up discussion with Steve Clark in [[UserGroup.UserSupportMeeting20070517][UserGroup meeting minutes 2007/05/17]].</li>
      <li>Attended Troublshooting meeting; raised Steve's ticket #3060: Suchandra will own.</li>
      <li>Followed up with Mats regarding UCSD and LIGO problems -- appears to have a resolution: see [[UserGroup.UserSupportMeeting20070524][UserGroup meeting minutes 2007/05/24]] for details.</li>
      <li>Attended Fermigrid Users' Meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Doug Benjamin about GRID issues at CDF.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with Mats about job failure rate monitoring with Gratia: came up with a query that is now run as a daily email.</li>
      <li>Handle catch-up 'phone conference with Steve Clark about nanoHUB</li>
      <li>First draft of Users' meeting announcement on TWiki for Abhishek, Frank and Torre.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Re-submitted revised conference support form to Griselda.</li>
      <li>Attended User Support meeting.</li>
      <li>Produced [[UserGroup.UserSupportMeeting20070517][minutes]].
      <li>Spoke to Mats after meeting about failed jobs.</li>
      <li>Produced Gratia query suitable for daily invocation producing the data Mats needs.</li>
      <li>Met with Ruth.</li>
      <li>Stirred the pot regarding autoblock exemption for pacman site.</li>
      <li>Set up make-up meeting with Abhishek and Steve Clark tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Action item summary of minutes to EB.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone meeting with Penelope, Alain, Rob Q and Rob G about site admin meeting: details passed to Penelope. Need to find out who is talking to Griselda.</li>
      <li>Mail to Doug Benjamin about fcp and DCache at CDF.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Eileen about FNAL grid users survey; also read and returned comments.</li>
      <li>Redirected main index of =user-support.opensciencegrid.org= to TWiki and entered ticket to change heartbeat.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Spoke to Gabriele about Users' meeting Jul 26/27.</li>
      <li>Arranged coordination meeting for Thursday, invited Steve Clark (nanoHub) and the Engagement team.</li>
      <li>Set up agenda page and meeting attendance instructions.</li>
      <li>Received email from John Inkman re resolution of ticket 96976 -- [[http://user-support.opensciencegrid.org][user-support.opensciencegrid.org]] is now ready.</li>
      <li>Attended Documentation coordination meeting.</li>
      <li>Certs help for Forrest.</li>
      <li>Mail from Ruth regarding taking on the site admin meeting as well.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Sent email to Carla regarding workshop.</li>
      <li>Received email from Griselda with form to fill in; filled in and sent.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Gratia</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/05/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fixed Jeff's procedure editing access problem with John W.</li>
      <li>Finished glexec probe testing on =fgitb111=.</li>
      <li>Rob Q. has fixed the mixed-case-in-voi-line problem and uploaded a new VO package.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Corresponded with Ruth: need to put tickets in for 0.6.0 sites not reporting to gratia. Needs some work to correlate data between 2 different VORS pages.</li>
      <li>Sent email to John R requesting OSG version on gratia side and/or text info from VORS with Gratia data..</li>
      <li>Received log info back from OU_OSCER_ATLAS, TTU-ANTAEUS, GRASE_CCR_U2 and Purdue-Lear.</li>
      <li>Correspondence regarding failed update of glexec killing Gratia -- need to test new probes ASAP.</li>
      <li>Attended Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Posted meeting minutes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fielded question from John McGee regarding possible Gratia report bug with inconsistent numbers. Requested more info.</li>
      <li>Requested info from Steve on where to test =glexec= probe.</li>
      <li>Set up test collector for Margherite on =gratia-vm02=; turned on replication to populate DB.</li>
      <li>Replication caused problems on main collector due to heap size: increased to 512M max.</li>
      <li>Still need to set Margherite up with CVS access and give instructions on build and update.</li>
      <li>More bad records from multiple sites: TTU_ANTEUS and Nebraska as well as OU_HEP.Philippe has asked me to clean up.</li>
      <li>Don't seem to be (many) bad records. Mainly to do with multi-node jobs. We do have a problem with getting the number of processors and/or nodes in all cases, though.</li>
      <li>Requested log snippets from OU_OSCER_ATLAS, TTU-ANTAEUS, Nebraska, GRASE_CCR_U2 and Purdue-Lear.</li>
      <li>Bad record has been found and squished at TTU-ANTAEUS.</li>
      <li>Replied to John McGee with explanation of problem.</li>
      <li>Retrieved log files from TTU-ANTAEUS in to =~greenc/ttu-antaeus-logdir= on =gratia01=.</li>
      <li>Put latest collector on ITB for VORS status.</li>      
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Diagnosed and fixed problem with Ruth/Keith's SQL query.</li>
      <li>Spent lots of time trying to solve Jeff's procedure editing access problem. It appears one can't get there from here, even with =SUPER= privilege; really missing formalized MySQL expert help.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More correspondence about mysqlhotcopy.</li>
      <ul><li>Finished testing condor probe changes;</li><li>fixed a couple of problems;</li><li>revised packaging to handle lack of AFS;</li><li>Notified Alain.</li></ul>
      <li>Talk to Mergherite about a test collector for her: need to set up on gratia-vm02 and allow her to update.</li>
      <li>Talk to Jeff -- current DB configuration prevents him from updating stored procedures: need to tweak DB config.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talked to John W., rescheduled GRAM auditing meeting for next Wednesday 2007/05/23 14:30 CDT.</li>
      <li>Found and fixed (with Jeff Mack) report bug reported by Ruth.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Set up for testing Condor probe on =cms-xen9=.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Alain about deadlines for new versions of probes.</li>
      <li>Changed =mysqlhotcopy= run on gratia06 to be 8pm to avoid busy report periods.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Removed more offending entries from DB.</li>
      <li>Status page can now return last-seen probe info for all sites at once.</li>
      <li>Condor probe now only checks =condor_history= capabilities on invocation instead of per job.</li>
      <li>Condor probe now looks in rotated history files if not found in default file (needs testing).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Jeff about DB access -- cleared with Steve Timm and opened up Gratia user DB access to whole of FNAL site.</li>
      <li>Requested more software on development machines (xemacs, KDE, daily slocate updates).</li>
      <li>Back and forth with Steve T.: will have to move a bunch of stuff off AFS to continue working on the Gratia machines since they can't handle AFS with the Xen kernels).</li>
      <li>Some *very* fiddly SQL edits to summary tables to fix OU record trouble. Definitely need triggers to handle this. After too long, decided to rebuild the summary tables anyway.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Was asked by Philippe to bring =gratia-vm02= collectors and DB online quickly to allow Jeff to operate again. Trouble, trouble, trouble. Took most of the day to get mysql and tomcat talking nice to each other. Set replicators going from default instances to development instances. Modified access rights to lock most people out: will need to install mysql GUI tools on gratia machines.</li>
      <li>Installed new "fermi-specific" collectors on =gratia08=: will be initial destination for local info before replication to OSG collectors. Started and waiting.</li>
      <li>Installed MySQL GUI tools on development machines and =gratia-db01=.</li>
      <li>Turned off replication to development collectors because production collectors ran out of heap space -- will need to be careful of this.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Other</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/05/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~65 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 9 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~51 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 11 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~97 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 31 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~71 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 8 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~55 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 14 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Called and then mailed Jack Schmidt as requested to report an instance of credentials being reported expired by !NetID *after* renewal.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~57 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 22 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~74 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 15 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>More correspondence with Jack S. over NetID and AFS cache trouble.</li>
      <li>Back and forth on linux-users over policy of dinging a default OS install.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~104 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 22 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~65 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 5 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ForrestChristian
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 14 May 2007