%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063760" format="1.1" version="1.14"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2010/06/21 - 2010/06/25

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/07/02</dt>
  <dt>2010/07/01</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/30</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/29</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/28</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Andrea.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Zach Kitchner, Ruth, Dan, Chander, Marc, Oliver.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Ruth / Derek query on Geant4. Send ping to Andrea.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/23</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/22</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/21</dt>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/07/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fermigrid group meeting.</li>
      <li>Status report for Keith.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/07/01</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/30</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/29</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/28</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fermigrid group meeting.</li>
      <li>Status report for Keith.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Help Faarooq with Kronos entry.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Help Dan with Kronos entry.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/22</dt>
  <dt>2010/06/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Respond to Steve T. report of possible bad VO entry in Gratia DB. Actually empty info in OIM.</li>
      <li>Respond to Dan Y. with suggested response to Marco' ticket re NERSC.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/07/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with Arvind on recurrence of exceptions seen only on ITB VM; not production.</li>
      <li>Reply to Karthik on BIGINT.</li>
      <li>Talk to Brian about documentation on buffering, delays etc. in the Gratia system.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/07/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More correspondence with Karthik re BIGINT.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail on glexec thread re probes.</li>
      <li>Gratia agenda, meeting and minutes.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Tanya and related investigations into possible problem with storage probe -- none.</li>
      <li>Investigations into BIGINT merge and detailed instructions to Karthik.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigations into possible problems with probe -- just mis-configured !CollectorHost.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Alain on release.</li>
      <li>Fix logging message for housekeeping.</li>
      <li>Tag for 1.06.16-pre.</li>
      <li>Backport dCache probe changes to branch and tag -rc1.</li>
      <li>Backport install script and .dat file changes to branch and tag -rc2.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Tanya about !dCache storage / transfer probes.</li>
      <li>Update and tag for 1.06.16c-1. Build and release to Neha.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Verify completion of dump and check size.</li>
      <li>Minutes of Gratia meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check status of DB dump on gr5x5 (failed due to HUP on interactive process). Restart.</li>
      <li>Question to Alain re version / architecture of Java to use for release.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Merge carefully code from head to 1.06 branch and cut =development-tags/1.06.16-pre=.</li>
      <li>Start dumping DB from int_batch for load on dev collector for test of schema upgrade.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting announcement and phone-con arrangement.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Test monitor-status.html in nightly build collector. Reply to original request.</li>
      <li>Chat to Tanya about dCache-storage issues.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Respond to IM query from Scot re probe release.</li>
      <li>Implement monitor-status.html in reporting.</li>
      <li>Reply to Neha question re dCache-storage problem.</li>
      <li>Cancel badly-routed test Gratia dev ticket.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/07/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check in with Marc.</li>
      <li>Work log.</li>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Time card.</li>
      <li>Exascale request work.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/07/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Continue recovering from TB problems.</li>
      <li>Work log and email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Marc, Rob, Walter on JDEM framework choices.</li>
      <li>Work with Marc, 'phone conferences etc on exascale proposal.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Update to Thunderbird 3.1. Try to recover from problems.</li>
      <li>Phone meeting on accelerator co-design.</li>
      <li>Obtain access to accelerator co-design repository. Back and forth.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Jim A. and Marc.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log and email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Exascale discussion with Marc.</li>
      <li>Concurrency discussion with Marc / Walter. Walter is interested in writing a C++ library implementing rendezvous and semaphores. Could be good experience in concurrency.</li>
      <li>Mail to Troy re Firefox.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Time card entry. Make sure time card gets to MF for approval in JBK's absence.</li>
      <li>Grid Dept lunch.</li>
      <li>Chat to Marc, Panagiotis about exascale proposal. Email with Ruth.</li>
      <li>More work on proposal.</li>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Install Clojure, Erlang, GHC under !MacPorts.</li>
      <li>Mail to WB re gcc compiler optimization option =-fsignaling-nans= to avoid optimizations visible to signaling !NaNs.</li>
      <li>Review discussion on !GMane of performance regression report in -Os on gcc45.
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
      <li>Work on proposal.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work with Marc to come up with a scheme / schema for analyzing event times and lags.</li>
      <li>Respond to PS request to contribute to exascale proposal.</li>
      <li>Discussions on exascale proposal with PS, DH, JA, RP; notes.</li>
      <li>Ask BH about USCMS data production: 5PiB/day *production* is about 100x more than CMS is doing right now. Gratia suggests USCMS T1 is moving (in all directions) about 12PiB/mo, which is about x80 down on 5PiB/day.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>WB seminar.</li>
      <li>Try and fail to meet with Marc re FCOW. Try tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Mail to lists re FTL / Kronos.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Try effort reporting under new system. Ask Keith about Fermigrid Ops codes.</li>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
      <li>File organization / tidy.</li>
      <li>Work with Walter on Parallels rebate, and discussion over placeholders.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Walter, Mark, Randolph, Rick St. Denis over assignment / !NaN issue.</li>
      <li>Field call from Federal Computer Weekly: switch to digital to save trees.</li>
      <li>Investigate gcc45 function arguments and overload resolution with Walter. gcc45 on Mac is broken due to update of underlying dependency to different library name (argh): recompile. Meanwhile, do the necessary on oink.</li>
      <li>Also check how compilers deal with illegal mixing of declarations and code in C: for some reason, -pedantic emits a warning but -std=c90 does not.</li>
      <li>Preliminary look at LLVM, Clang, GHC information online.</li>
      <li>Preliminary look at NESL: appears to be a moribund teaching language based loosely on ML: last update was 2003.</li>
      <li>Field question from Ruth re CMS and GPUs.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/06/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>10.6.4 upgrade.</li>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Jim A. <em>et al.</em>. re accelerator modeling.</il>
      <li>WB Seminar.</li>
      <li>Forward !UseR! conference payment receipt to Don H.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 22 Jun 2010