%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1178572240" format="1.1" reprev="1.16" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<h1>Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/04/30 - 2007/04/11</h1>
%TOC%

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

<h3>User Support</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/05/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Tried to renew DOE cert this morning. Trouble because (I found out eventually) ESNET Root CA had changed. Not good diagnostics for current method of installation (button on web page). Ruth wants GOC tickets.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth, Eileen and Gabriele (see email for minutes).</li>
      <li>Attended troubleshooting meeting. Joined troubleshooting team, asked Tim (Goc) about 3473 (Footprints account), waiting for auth from Rob Q.</li>
      <li>Tweaked =TMPFILE= functionality: files need to be removed or marked mode =0777= because local UID on file return (eg via GridFTP) may be different.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Test scripts can now obtain site list direct from VORS if desired.</li>
      <li>Mail sent out regarding weekly User Support meeting.</li>
      <li>More email about Engage's !GridFTP tests at Vanderbilt (test case for many other sites with the same failure).</li>
      <li>Request to Helpdesk requesting =user-support.opensciencegrid.org= web site linked to AFS space sent after getting permission to list Main.ForrestChristian as backup admin.</li>
      <li>Brief meeting with Ruth: OSG User campaign button on main web site. Read. Will send comments to Ruth & Alain.</li>
      <li>Mail between myself and Ruth about GRASE-CCR.</li>
      <li>Mail with Steve Gallo about GRASE-CCR. Suggested specifying short (<40 min) =maxWallTime= to get access to more nodes and run faster.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John W. and Gabriele about GUMS, SAZ and requiring voms-proxies across OSG: SAZ is the answer to sites who want to maintain per-user authorization while running GUMS. Sell, sell, sell! Need WS callout for SAZ</li>
      <li>Much fighting with test script over the best way to allow tests to request a temporary file to allow (eg) test files to be transferred back from sites without stamping on each other. Eventually solved.</li>
      <li>Tried to test, ran in to the old, "Condor caches the transferred exec so half the time the remote site doesn't notice you've changed it" problem. I'd like to meet the guy who thought that was a good idea. Time to call it a (long) day.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with Ruth about Engage group problems</li>
      <li>More follow-up with Vanderbilt: will need teleconference with Kevin B. as soon as I can find John W.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth. Need to set up weekly meetings for User Support group: invitees:
        <ul>
          <li> Main.ChrisGreen;</li>
          <li> Main.AbhishekSinghRana;</li>
          <li> Main.TorreWenaus;</li>
          <li> Main.FkW;</li>
          <li> Main.RuthPordes;</li>
          <li> Others as necessary for Year 2 planning.</li>
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Work with John W on Vanderbilt problem -- looks like a pacman or =vo= package problem. Waiting for response from Rob Q.</li>
      <li>Scheduled meeting with Ruth 11am tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Vanderbilt problem fixed: problem with VO package in OSG cache; now fixed by Rob Q.</li>
      <li>New Vanderbilt problem with missing =globus-url-copy= on worker node: email sent.</li>
      <li>Fixed remaining minor regex problems with tests.</li>
      <li>Handle and remove jobs held due to Globus failure.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More work on VO tests scripts:
      <ul>
        <li>Found a couple of lingering problems with results production: now fixed.</li>
        <li>Reorganized directories within packages.</li>
        <li>Reduced amount of command-line configuration needed for invocation.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Mail between Ruth and myself regarding User Support priorities and July workshop: probably meeting tomorrow at 11.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended documentation meeting. Undertook to review and clean up two pages (Documentation.IntegrationGridWhatIs and Documentation.ProductionGridWhatIs).</li>
      <li>Fixed problems with results production. Should be good to go for Engage and SDSS: run tests in the morning.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Conversation with Chris Polly about revised =multisim= script: still needs to test.</li>
      <li>Mats reported that he is now running jobs at Vanderbilt.</li>
      <li>Module specification lists are now in control files instead of hard-wired in the script.</li>
      <li>Trouble with versatile results production from fork jobs: investigating.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Gratia</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/05/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More discussions with Dan _et al_ about Gratia and glexec on FNAL worker nodes. Helped Dan set up yum repository on =http://gratia.fnal.gov/=. Need to work on this tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Email from Frank about Gratia problems at UCSD. Solved site name issue: multiple emails and investigations on remaining problem: looks like 6.9 probe got overwritten by VDT upgrade. Terrence will re-install _ce matin_.</li>
      <li>Problems at Buffalo: looks like mis-configured SOAPHost: waiting for confirmation.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail sent regarding meeting day change.</li>
      <li>Talked to Igor -- he's fine with subsuming =glexec= probe into Gratia package set.</li>
      <li>Email to Rosario asking for status on incorporation of our patches in to =urCollector=.</li>
      <li>GRAM audit meeting. See minutes in email.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gram auditing meeting: tomorrow at 2pm CDT.</li>
      <li>Organized telephone conference. Notified participants.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Dan about glexec gratia probe. Agreed that the best way of encouraging sysAdmins to install it would be to subsume it into the main Gratia package to allow for easy configuration by building a custom RPM set from SRPM once and then propagating to all nodes. Will do early next week.</li>
      <li>More discussion with Dan after he actually talked to Joe Boyd's group. They actually want the default set of RPMs to work in all cases, even if they have to hand-configure =ProbeConfig= (they have a mechanism to push out config files. This is doable -- again, will do early next week.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with John W. regarding Vanderbilt's =osg-user-vo-map.txt=.</li>
      <li>Request from Keith for new report for OGF meeting: probably make it a one-off:
        <pre>select sum(V.CpuUserDuration+V.CpuSystemDuration)/3600.0 as cpu_time, V.VOName as 'VO', DATE_FORMAT(V.EndTime, '%b %Y') as 'Date'
  from VOProbeSummary V, CETable T, CEProbes P
  where V.EndTime > '2006-01-01 00:00:00'
    and T.facility_name like '%FNAL%'
    and T.facility_id = P.facility_id
  group by 'Date', 'VO'
  having cpu_time > 1.0
  order by DATE_FORMAT(V.EndTime, '%Y/%m'), 'VO'</pre>
      </li>
      <li>Reply to John Roshek about ticket 3460.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John W. about GRAM auditing teleconference.</li>
      <li>Sent mail to GRAM team and others regarding teleconference suggestion for Friday.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Upgraded =monitor-status.html= to return status based on =[[http://gratia.opensciencegrid.org:8880/gratia-administration/monitor-status.html?sitename=FNAL_GPFARM][sitename]]= in addition to =[[http://gratia.opensciencegrid.org:8880/gratia-administration/monitor-status.html?probename=fngp-osg.fnal.gov][probename]]=. </li>
      <li>Installed collector =v0-20= on =gratia= and =gratia-itb=.</li>
      <li>Opened GOC ticket (3460) for addition of probe status monitoring to VORS tasks.</li>
      <li>Attended CD Gratia progress report presentation.</li>
      <li>Chatted with Eileen and Philippe afterwards regarding reports and ps-accounting installation logistics.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Collectors upgraded to =v0-19= on =gratia= and =gratia-itb=.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Other</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/05/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended brainstorming meeting on security auditing project with Gabriele, Tanya, Parag, Andrew and Igor.</li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~108 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent ~30 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~107 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 23 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended monthly departmental group meeting.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~84 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 10 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/05/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~53 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 12 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/04/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Metrics report for weekly Ops meeting.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Attended bi-weekly GRID group meeting.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~54 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 12 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ForrestChristian
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 30 Apr 2007
