%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1227721520" format="1.1" reprev="1.25" version="1.25"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2008/03/03 - 2008/03/14

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2003/03/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Sandro acknowledging receipt of answers to questions.</li>
      <li>Mail to Ruth requesting confirmation of Condor Week trip.</li>
      <li>Revised draft of minutes for meeting, with action items.</li>
      <li>Final minutes and synopsis to EB.</li>
      <li>Mail to Doug B. asking for increased CDF usage on ATLAS sites if possible.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2003/03/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail to Alina on site tests, OSGEDU report, meeting attendance, etc.</li>
      <li>Attend AC meeting.</li>
      <li>Agenda, meeting and first draft of minutes of UG meeting.</li>
      <li>Reply to Anne H. on possible osg-vo-tests article in OSG News -- already done.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth on User Support:
      <ul><li>Eva, LIGO, talk to Shaowen. LIGO meeting on 7th April with high level scientific management.</li>
          <li>Develop web page for hello world tests for all VOs.</li>
          <li>TechX -- Doug Olson. NERSC usage.</li>
          <li>Abhishek report at AC meeting Thursday.</li>
          <li>Draft of UG meeting agenda for tomorrow. Including Chris Green action items and deadlines. Interface to users -- matchmaking; Mats understand impact on !ReSS -- schedd on side? Technical. "Portal".</li>
          <li>Maxim WBS -- ask or call -- 4.2.2.; 4.2.3 operate and support WMS service. For OSG VO. Agenda item.</li>
          <li>Tony -- new person at UCSD -- scalability; tier3 liaison. Client tools?</li>
          <li>Keep engagement of VOs.</li>
          <li>Backfill ATLAS; problems at BNL? CHARMM?</li>
          <li>Extra effort? Help?</li>
          <li>Alina -- OSGEDU VO -- attend meeting.</li>
          <li>Users' meeting to address "interface" issues. Two days?"</li>
          <li>Follow up with Greg Thain. Meet at Madison? Condor Week? Talk: OSG usage presentation and reliance on Condor Apr 29 -> May 2.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Mix up ASGC_OSG and FIU-PG auth tickets. Try to sort out by email with Arvind. ASGC_OSG is actually not advertising OSG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo support any more; while FIU-PG is authorizing but not publishing to !ReSS.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Abhishek on user report for AC meeting.</li>
      <li>Mail to Maxim on error tracking and heads-up for agenda item for UG meeting.</li>
      <li>Reply on closed auth ticket to start a new one with Clemson-IT.</li>
      <li>Ping Rob Q. on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS DB auth.</li>
      <li>Draft agenda items to Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Produce draft of OSG AUP for comment from Ruth and Mine.</li>
      <li>Mail correspondence on Teraport !ReSS ticket (4449).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Arrange 4.30 meeting with Ruth and Mine.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth and Mine:
        <ul><li>!VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo AUP required.</li>
            <li>!VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Registration policy document.</li>
            <li>Training required for !VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo security and incident response -- web page.</li>
            <li>Workflow and signoff on policy.</li>
            <li>Discussion over responsibility for policy documents for !VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo and site registration in the wider OSG.</li>
            <li>Work list for OSG VO:
            <ul><li>!VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo AUP -- make sure it is flexible as a template or for delegation.</li>
                <li>!VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Registration Policy.</li>
                <li>Security contacts (me) to be trained.</li>
                <li>Sign off on compliance with Operations Policy -- will be close to [[https://edms.cern.ch/document/853968/][JSPG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo Operation Policy]].</li>
                <li>VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo pilot job policy.</li>
                <li>Other things?</li>
                <li>Privacy policy.</li>
            </ul></li>
        </ul></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail to Arvind about RSV tests for updated VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo package / GUMS config.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Alain about release schedule.</li>
      <li>Chat to Rob Quick:
      <ul><li>Discuss outstanding !ReSS tickets and possible systematic problems in configuration and/or missing items from troubleshooting guide.</li>
          <li>Discuss apparent problems with ATLAS MWT2 sites, "not playing the game."</li>
          <li>Discuss a new round of Gratia tickets.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Email to cancel UGCT meeting.</li>
      <li>Attend new-users training session.</li>
      <li>Chat with Tanya and respond on Lehigh !ReSS ticket (4441).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Bruno Goncalves about execution time constraints and manual check-pointing for longer jobs. Master-worker package from condor? Got !ReSS configuration details for client and details on master-worker.</li>
      <li>Talk to Mats about !ReSS, packing meta-scheduler, etc. Meta-scheduler being packaged for nanoHUB but needs to have some Engage-specific things taken out. Mats has no real ties to ReSS -- it does the job right now; but doesn't see what Miron's direct !ClassAd approach would provide that !ReSS does not.</li>
      <li>Last words with Alan -- will get TIGRE into the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo package and try to identify users / apps who would benefit from using OSG. Some apps need licenses, etc. but there should be something.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Bruno on his boss' intent to join the VO: Stefan Boettcher.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Alain, Bruno and Greg Thain on master-worker and applicability to Bruno's problem.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Doru on NCSA and Tungsten -- initially suggested me, Mats (and through him selected WRF users) and Alan Sill (and through him selected WRF users). Contacts to continue.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Approve Suchandra; ask about !OSGStaff designation before denying that group designation.</li>
      <li>Approve Doru after asking Chander; ask about !OSGStaff designation.</li>
      <li>Chat to Steve C. about nanoHUB and personal identifiability in community certs -- they're working on adding an extended attribute to the proxy with the required information.</li>
      <li>Bio workshop.
        <ul><li class="done">Jim Schaff, !CompBioGrid: concentrating on !VCell application. Not MPI, so should be easy. Start contacts on pushing !VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo uptake and tests. !ReSS on client?</li>
            <li>Ian Stokes-Rees, !SBGrid.</li>
            <li>Tim Miller, NIH (CHARMM).</li>
            <li>Greg Thain, GLOW.</li>
        </ul></li>
      <li>Chat with Anand, Britta, Kent and Abhishek about LIGO and improving problem detection and resolution times. Will work with Britta to get site tests running.</li>
      <li>Chat to Greg T., Tim Miller and Preston S. over lunch. Need to get MPI ring test from Greg and download Intel MPI benchmarks to have a simple app to run under MPI following Greg's instructions.</li>
      <li>Chat to Brian Tierney about site-local grid-file collection and possible use of Gratia to store information about location of log archive relevant to a job. Afterwards, sent email suggesting that GIP / !ReSS might be a better place for the information.</li>
      <li>Look into gums-host-cron and other problems at Nebraska.</li>
      <li>Added existing site test results for OSG and OSGEDU VOs to site-tests documentation page.</li>
      <li>CampusGrid session. Talked to Alan afterwards about TIGRE and prospects for allowing TIGRE jobs to make it out to the OSG. Some points:
        <ul><li>Most TIGRE jobs are GT4. Would need to either bridge or </li>
            <li>Currently don't do voms-proxies (although TIGRE has a populated VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS). Could change? Easy (replace grid-prox-init with a wrapper around voms-proxy-init)?</li>
            <li>All TIGRE jobs from same CA, now accredited by IGTF.</li>
            <li>Meta-scheduling within TIGRE uses GridWay, part of globus since 4.0.5</li>
            <li>Chat to Anne about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo pages -- scrap the TWiki matrix and move to grouped links?</li>
        </ul></li>
      <li>Chat to Mats about osg-vo-tests -- promised to look at it.</li>
      <li>Mail to Tim Miller plugging osg-vo-tests.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attend OSG All-hands meeting.</li>
      <li>Report low VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS output for today's tests.</li>
      <li>Chat to Brian B. about SRM !dCache problems.</li>
      <li>Chat to Rob Q. about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoRS problems; and about programmatic access to maintenance DB.</li>
      <li class="done">Still need to chat to Rob Q. about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS DB access for OSGEDU and friends.</li>
      <li>Chat to Anand, Abhishek and Kent about LIGO problem resolution and troubleshooting flexibility -- more discussions coming.</li>
      <li>Got, "animated" about security incident confidentiality from VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo perspective.</li>
      <li class="done">Need to talk to Brian Tierney about interaction between Gratia and his logging project.</li>
      <li>Lunchtime BOF about pilot jobs.</li>
      <li>OSG user panel.</li>
      <li>Ruth and Miron want an active approach to VOs to encourage use of osg-vo-tests.</li>
      <li>Fix problem with local include-finding in osg-vo-tests.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2003/03/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe and John W. on release to VDT for RSV features.</li>
      <li>Incorporate latest common Probe code into branch and tag for v0.32.1.</li>
      <li>Build services and probes for limited release to VDT.</li>
      <li>Notify Alain of release.</li>
      <li>Authorize Steve T.'s addition to the daily reports mailing list and send him the ones from today that he'd already missed.</li>
      <li>Reply to Shawn !McKee on multiple gatekeepers to the same cluster.</li>
      <li>Reply to Greg's email on README. Still more work to do to have probes ready.</li>
      <li>Reply to mail from Scott K. regarding configure_gratia improvements.</li>
      <li>Reply to Steve T. on multiple gatekeepers.</li>
      <li>Add a new priority item to Philippe's list: automatic detection and notification of missing PER_JOB_HISTORY setting in condor_config for Condor 6.9+.</li>
      <li>Gratia ops items to Philippe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2003/03/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Install OSG client on gratia01 to aid diagnosis of Gratia problems at TTU-ANTAEUS.</li>
      <li>Mail to Alan S.: LSF log location is mis-configured. Also provided instructions for updating Gratia.py to improve recovery time.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John on backups to gratia07 DB.</li>
      <li>Send IM log to Philippe.</li>
      <li>Mail from Nebraska admin -- reporting seems to be catching up.</li>
      <li>IM and 'phone conversation with Brian B. on local / OSG accounting and BNL resources issue.</li>
      <li>Work on branch with Philippe and install test collector for RSV.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Arvind on RSV testing.</li>
      <li>Request from Philippe for Ops items by the end of the week going forward.</li>
      <li>Instructions to Arvind on updating his probe to talk to the test collector.</li>
      <li>Send DB output to Arvind for checks.</li>
      <li>Identify problems handling null columns in custom SQL output and reporting exceptions in general and report to Philippe since Penelope is on furlough.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work with John W. on more hotcopy / backup issues.</li>
      <li>Fix problem with RPM install blowing away VDT-installed crontabs.</li>
      <li>Talk with Brian about Nebraska reporting problems. Mail with admin sending Gratia.py and instructions.</li>
      <li>Mail with Tanya, Greg and Brian over !dCache probes.</li>
      <li>Status email for Philippe, and attend Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Mail with Steve -- try to get ps-accounting probe into OSG 1.0?</li>
      <li>Reply to ping from Alan Sill promising to look at TTU-ANTAEUS problem in the morning.</li>
      <li>Mail to Mako Furukawa at Nebraska with instructions for fixing Gratia trouble.</li>
      <li>Spot corrupted DB on gratia07 -- fix by deleting all schema and waiting for next hot backup.</li>
      <li>Send IM log with some things to check for backup activation for John.</li>
      <li>Checksum code is changed; still working on understanding hibernate exception handling.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Help John W. with DB problems.</li>
      <li>Help Arvind with RSV duplicate problems caused by non-standard RSV installation.</li>
      <li>Fix typo in administration/index.html to allow testing of library changes.</li>
      <li>Check in library changes.</li>
      <li>Check in date parsing enhancements to glexec probe from Igor S.</li>
      <li>Mail with Tanya and Greg on !dCache probe priorities.</li>
      <li>Change checksum method for !JobUsageSummary.</li>
      <li>Start learning sufficient Hibernate to update all checksums in !JobUsageRecords and handle duplicates.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate duplicate exception in fermi_osg -- no obvious cause.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on updating checksums.</li>
      <li>Talk to Igor about glexec probe -- update needed to interpret different date formats in Gratia log.</li>
      <li class="done">Need to investigate and reply to Alan Sill's email of Friday listing discrepancies in Gratia accounting for TTU-ANTAEUS.</li>
      <li class="done">Need to bounce DB to institute binary log cleanup regimen.</li>
      <li>Talk to John about !MySQL DB and where it picks config up from.</li>
      <li>Bounced gratia06 DB.</li>
      <li>Complete breakout of configuration into separate files from configure-collector.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Catch-up discussion with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Work with John W. to install and configure new UPS DB on gratia07 -- now plugged back in to /data/mysqldb.</li>
      <li>Help John diagnose problems on test DB caused by table file permission problems caused by backup quirks and history.</li>
      <li>Start work on collector code to update checksums to remove VO, etc. information.</li>
      <li>Try to finish utility library reorganization -- complicated by Penelope's vomsserver code.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Alain on release schedule: may not be able to add state preservation for first VTB/ITB round unless I do it. I may not be able to get to it either so it will be done later in the VTB/ITB process.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Rob Q. about a new round of Gratia tickets.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe about RSV development and integration.</li>
      <li>Mail to Ruth and Brian regarding Gratia / OSG requirements.</li>
      <li>Diagnose and fix Gratia.py problem with glexec probes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Xin about resource labeling. OIM will not solve the problem of heterogeneous-ownership clusters. Xin claims that many campus grids work the same way, so it's more common than we've been led to believe so far. Apparently condor is working on providing a !ClassAd attribute that we could cull if we were to provide a slot for that datum.</li>
      <li>Talk to Xin about status for Glexec probes -- need to be able to provide poll-type info for all probes in a cluster, including individual info for a probe. Need a "probe host" in addition to the "probe name" to enable us to group probes by cluster but still see all nodes and whether they are reporting. Discuss with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Diagnose and fix problem trying to decode overlong records. Records are many-node parallel jobs utilizing the "buggy POST" code. Remediated by doing buffer loop up to 10 chunks of 16K. Problem will go away as new probes make it out into the wild.</li>
      <li>Status report to Philippe for meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Brian B. about SSL problems -- suggestion to use java !KeyStore class to access in-memory key store and update using API instead of calls to keytool.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Problem is that re-send of handshake duplicates XML within the record -- can be fixed in Gratia.py.</li>
      <li>Look into Gratia reporting trouble at Nebraska -- related to problems with configure-osg.sh.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Rob Q on RSV development and testing responsibilities.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Sign Brian B. up to osg-accounting-info list.</li>
      <li>Start looking into weekly report failure -- preempted by Philippe.</li>
      <li>Investigate meltdown on ITB. Something to do with !dCache transfer probe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2003/03/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Timesheet to Tanya.</li>
      <li>Report and Ops items to Gabriele and Tanya.</li>
      <li>Timesheet.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2003/03/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to get file transfer working for Pidgin.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2003/03/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attend WB seminar.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check and sign travel report.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Update work log and Ops items to Tanya.</li>
      <li>NC trip receipts.</li>
      <li>Talk to Eileen and Philippe about Gratia Ops items.</li>
      <li>Talk to Eileen about registry-fixing software for Windows -- cruft buildup is getting annoying.</li>
      <li>Install and run CCleaner after setting restore point.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail on Purify licensing thread -- Linux version has been around but not available at FNAL even though we've been paying for it.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail to Eileen answering questions on Condor interactions.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Obtain VPN client from Keith to re-install to allow operation from NC.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 03 Mar 2008
