%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063759" format="1.1" version="1.13"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2010/01/04 - 2010/01/15

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/01/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Daniel, Julia Y. and Hans W. on !Geant4 validation. Promise to check with Mats on OSGMM changes.</li>
      <li class="done">Check with Mats on changes required to allow an OSG client to talk to OSGMM. Will send email to Daniel _et al_.</li>
      <li>Offer to cover for Mats at the Production meeting Tues.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone call from Daniel. !Geant4 validation meeting tomorrow.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Update Gabriele's resource requirements list for !Geant4, Fly's Eye, LSST and TGYRO.</li>
      <li>Mail to Andrew S. trying to pick things up.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Engage 'phone call.</li>
      <li class="done">Chat to Tanya about storage for Fly's Eye. 5TB each from Omaha, Lincoln -- waiting for more. Need to mail Andrew S.</li>
      <li>Email to Brian asking for names of ex-GPN researchers.</li>
      <li>Mail from Mats re Argentina / NERSC: set deadline for blocking users Feb 1.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply on Anne White mail.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Update TGYRO-specific new user instructions on !TWiki to reflect info from John.</li>
      <li>Talk to Gabriele regarding resource requirements from Engage users for this year. Ping John A., forward answer to Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Anthony T. End to End issues -- !ReSS, BDII.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="done">Offer to update TGYRO-specific new user instructions on !TWiki to reflect info from John.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Try to move Anne White's application for engage-submit along -- stalled somewhere. Ping Mats / John.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone and email discussion with Abhishek on Geant4 success rate.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to John A's email re conclusion of G4 testing.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/01/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More investigations on tomcat redirection. Working now, need to incorporate enablement / disablement into start script functionality.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Neha on gratia splunk / clogger script.</li>
      <li>More investigations on AGLT2. Discussion with Alain. Isolated to libexpat included with an older VDT apache. !SysAdmin has rolled back for now. OSG 1.2 update recommended.</li>
      <li>Status report for Keith.</li>
      <li id="CD">Chat to Rob K. over remaining questions on voms-proxy-renewal, job-running paradigms, etc.</li>
      <li>Fermigrid meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Respond to Rob K. on voms-proxy-info warning.</li>
      <li>Investigate problem report from AGLT2 / gate01. Python exception started occurring shortly after yum update on Jan 6. no smoking gun, but similar setup on fgtest1 doesn't seem to suffer the problem.</li>
      <li>Start testing tomcat redirection. Will need some more fiddling.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="done">Sent test jobs to CUNY. Wait to see what gets reported. Typo in condor_config: reply with fix.</li>
      <li>Verify typo is fixed and resolve FP ticket.</li>
      <li id="CD">Make checklist of things remaining for transfer. Discuss with Dan.</li>
      <li>Write script to install VDT certificate package, etc. Test. Check in to CVS.</li>
      <li id="CD">Install certificate packages on gr1[01]x*. Get warnings from Keith's monitoring system. Run CRL update manually.</li>
      <li>Update script to run CRL update manually after setup. Check in to CVS.</li>
      <li id="CD">Question from Rob K. re VOMRS. Discuss with Steve and Dan. Put ticket in on Rob's behalf. Work with Steve to resolve.</li>
      <li id="CD">Check resolution with Rob K. Follow up on remaining question, identify bad search in VOMRS. Steve will pursue.</li>
      <li id="CD">Question on voms-proxy-info from Rob K.</li>
      <li>Question from Suchandra regarding problems picking up PBS accounting file location on his site. Discuss how it's supposed to work. He will investigate why the correct globus config didn't occur on his system.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Production call to discuss Gratia redirection service and out-of-date sites. Agree July 1 is reasonable for redirection service retirement. CMS and ATLAS to look into list of delinquent probes.</li>
      <li>Demonstrate correct way to retrieve transfer reports for Neha.</li>
      <li>Mail and discussion of correct operation of clogger / splunk transfer of gratia files with Neha.</li>
      <li class="done">At Dan's request, look into continued non-reporting of CUNY: after discussion with Alain, open FP ticket 7946 and follow through. Add Alain to cc:. Much back and forth. Possibly done as of late evening: need to check.</li>
      <li id="CD">Respond to 'phone and email questions from Rob K.</li>
      <li>At Dan's request, investigate whether !SWT2_CPB is reporting currently -- yes, seems to be fixed.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe and Dan re CUNY fallout and latest list of 47 sites.</li>
      <li class="done">Agree to attend Production meeting Tuesday.</li>
      <li>Work with Neha to diagnose  problems. Logical bug in !dCache-transfer probe triggered by long delay (>12h) between consecutive transfers.</li>
      <li>Send details of problem and fix to David Lesny at !IllinoisHEP-SE.</li>
      <li>Reply to question from Neha regarding osgx1 reports -- not a problem.</li>
      <li>Reply to Tanya on correction host configuration for ITB transfer probes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fermigrid group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Keith and Dan on Gratia HA. Decide not to do collector HA, just reporting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Discover and investigate problems with gratia-vm02. RO FS, didn't reboot. Work with Dan to fix.</li>
      <li>Second run from Dan looking for sites reporting to gratia.opensciencegrid.org: 47 sites. Ouch.</li>
      <li>Talk to Tanya about getting AGLT2 to upgrade to a probe that supports bundling.</li>
      <li>Fix to Illinois doesn't seem to have stuck. Ask Neha for details.</li>
      <li>Attempt to run !softwareVersions to get data on AGLT2 for Tanya. Run into trouble. Investigate.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate !IllinoisHEP-SE with Neha. Problem is related to bad osg-user-vo-map.txt.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Dan Y. and Philippe over !CUNYGrid flap. Send email thread to Steve for background.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Dan Y. over monitoring DB replication catchup and next steps for hardware migration.</li>
      <li>Investigate apparent deadlock on osg-itb. Trace to block delete of metric records during housekeeping while metric records are being received. Due to hibernate limitation, all records are being deleted at once. Speak to Philippe. Philippe will work on a fix. Get Brian to stop sending metric records to us.</li> 
      <li>Apply probe/site translation changes on behalf of Brian.</li>
      <li>Speak to Steve T. about Fermilab VO OIM changes.</li>
      <li>Check in with Alain on progress debugging !CUNYGrid problem. Waiting on login.</li>
      <li id="CD">Email discussions on pager rotation.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/01/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Let Arvind know that new Gratia is in ITB.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on remaining problems with local email reports.</li>
      <li>Per discussion with Philippe, rename branches to remove -branch, -fixes, -patches tags.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Respond to questions from Neha and Tanya regarding dCache-transfer probe test.</li>
      <li>Look into possible problems with !dCache-transfer. Just config-related, with a funny in the billing DB apparently unrelated to the probe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Philippe has completed collector fixes: merge desired changes in to branch. Cut 1.06.14. Test. Release to VDT.</li>
      <li>Check on probe release to VDT.</li>
      <li>Check with John W. to make sure something will load a collector from VTB tonight: gratiax33.</li>
      <li>Gratia agenda, meeting, minutes.</li>
      <li>More BIGINT discussion with Karthik.</li>
      <li>Reply to Neha with location of test history files for testing splunk script.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on origin duplication bug resurfacing during housekeeping tests. Apparently related to timezone issues. Knock together a quick service listener to initialize logger and timezone properly for servlet service. Philippe to test.</li>
      <li>Verify successful DB load for Philippe.</li>
      <li>Mail to Philippe, Alain, etc. on probe issues requiring development and/or third party application feature requests.</li>
      <li>Collector install including fixes connected to RSV DB restore for Philippe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discuss and implement fix to !dCache-transfer probe for !IllinoisHEP-SE problem. Cut and release 1.06.13c-1 to Neha and Tanya for test.</li>
      <li>Per Philippe request, restore dump of RSV DB from Arvind to a local DB for tests of housekeeping fix. Deal with disk space, etc, problems along the way.</li>
      <li class="done">Discussion with Philippe on what to do with -patches and -branch branch name suffixes: retire.</li>
      <li>Answer question from John W. re messages on gratiax31.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Scot K. on configure_gratia operation and the apparent fact that there are a whole lot of OSG 1.0.0 sites on OSG.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Test probes on gratiax31. Test gridftp-transfer probe. Identify and fix issue with mis-classifying success codes as failure and introducing a 15s delay between records. Cut and release 1.06.13b-1. Notify Neha and Tanya.</li>
      <li>Release probes 1.06.13b-1 to VDT. Also report possible problems with configure_gratia with correcting the collector addresses and the changed location of osg-user-vo-map.txt files in newer versions of OSG.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to query from Brian regarding use of !DebugPrint function in user probe code.</li>
      <li>Complete testing and check in better handling of ill-formed osg-user-vo-map.txt files.</li>
      <li>Finish packaging of !dCache-storage probe.</li>
      <li>Move !dCache-transfer probe over from !dCache CVS.</li>
      <li>Change probe build to use SVN source instead of old imported gridftp-transfer package from !dCache CVS.</li>
      <li>Improve response of probes to down collector.</li>
      <li>Cut and release 1.06.13a-1. Notify Neha.</li>
      <li>Question from Karthik re resetting schemata.</li>
      <li>Ping from Scot re release schedules for probes and collector.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="done">Request from Philippe for DB schema on gratia-vm02 with dump from Arvind.</li>
      <li>At Tanya's request, put together probe release including new !dCache-storage probe.</li>
      <li>Request change to eliminate Java from new dCache storage probe. Based on discussion with Andrew, leave in and move xalan.jar into new probe/common/jlib directory and ship with gratia-probe-common.</li>
      <li>More discussion with Karthik on BIGINT.</li>
      <li>Schedule new Gratia meetings for the coming year on !MeetingPlace.</li>
      <li>Fix problem in Brian's summary SQL. Have Alain pull release from ITB, pending fix to metric record housekeeping. Also give Alain heads-up regarding probe release with robustness improvements for osg-user-vo-map.txt.</li>
      <li>Work on mail reports -- !softwareVersions is apparently not capable of running against anything other than the default schema.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Karthik on fixing transfer reports. Test. Still discrepancies. Questions to Philippe / Karthik.</li>
      <li>Correct argument passthrough on range_mail_cron.sh.</li>
      <li>Check in accumulated changes to local reports. Remove debug.</li>
      <li>Start armoring Gratia.py against osg-vo-user-map.txt problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Look at Karthik's suggested fixes to transfer report trouble. Make adjustments. Discuss with Karthik. Also discuss BIGINT and regression test therefor.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on required fixes to metric housekeeping.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/01/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Notify Gabriele (for the record only) of job app.</li>
      <li>Work log.</li>
      <li>Time card.</li>
      <li>Set up interview for Wed AM. Ask Gabriele about time reporting.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Gabriele, Keith, Ruth.</li>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Work log catch-up -- twice -- argh. Firefox is crashing *way* too often on !MacOSX.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat with Jim K.</li>
      <li>Chat with Eileen.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch-up. Deal with browser failure and reconstruct work log. Argh.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat with Gabriele.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catchup.</li>
      <li>Time card.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>OSG@FNAL meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Dept meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/01/05</dt>
  <dt>2010/01/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email catchup.</li>
      <li>Work log catchup.</li>
      <li>Time card, including discussion with Tanya and send screenshot for comparison.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 22 Dec 2009