%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1268422076" format="1.1" version="1.19"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2010/03/01 - 2010/03/14

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fix minor problems with new grid-init.</li>
      <li>Check certificate on patvm8 -- still no joy.</li>
      <li>Work on LSST !TWiki.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Improve grid-init to renew safely KCA certs.</li>
      <li>Review and test scripts to request and obtain new cert. Test cert -- no joy.</li>
      <li>Mail Hans W. asking him to escalate if no approval by tomorrow AM.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ping Patricia to get cert approved. No reply.</li>
      <li>More correspondence on !TWiki problems: sandbox not guaranteed so ask for work log tree to be moved to main web.</li>
      <li>Attend OSG plenary talks.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attend cloud computing sessions. Take notes. Send to John M.</li>
      <li>Attend afternoon vendor / demo session. Send email to Jim. Introduce Jim to John M.</li>
      <li>Meet Hans and walk him through adding service cert DN to his VOMRS registration.</li>
      <li>Meet Arvind / Elizabeth and talk about Remedy / GOC ticketing, etc, etc.</li>
      <li>Enter ticket to GOC re !TWiki problems.</li>
      <li>Attend Dell-sponsored dinner after checking ethics with Eileen.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail with Lynn over certificates and install location of VDT on patvm8 -- reinstall.</li>
      <li>Pick up docs and ID tag for conference.</li>
      <li>Reply to Bo over time estimates.</li>
      <li>Start working on LSST !TWiki pages.</li>
      <li>Retrieve certificate after notification from Lynn. Install. Write scripts to get new cert with correct attributes in a year.</li>
      <li>Mail Hans, arrange to add DN to his VOMRS registration Tuesday PM.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'phone meeting with John M. <em>et al.</em> failed to happen -- try again next week.</li>
      <li>Deactivate selinux on patvm8. Install OSG 1.2 client and add OSG-Match-Maker (with IM questions to Mats) from VDT 2.0 cache. Configure certificates and CRL updating to run hourly against SQUID.</li>
      <li class="todo">Still need to configure OSGMM user, configure OSGMM application, request and install service cert and migrate maintenance tasks from RENCI.</li>
      <li>Added OSGMM user.</li>
      <li>Email discussion with Rick St. Denis about grid success rates.</li>
      <li>Request service cert for osgmm.</li>
      <li>Send explanatory email to Lynn, Hans about work done on patvm8.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to log in to patvm8 -- no joy. Mail Lynn.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone conversation with Lynn specifying details of !Geant4 OSGMM / submit client VM install.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth / Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Review Bo's presentation. Send comments by email.</li>
      <li>Email from Lynn: VM is ready for config as client/OSGMM for !Geant4.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Register for all-hands.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone conversation with Gabriele and John M. Ask John about alternative contacts for Fly's Eye.</li>
      <li>Ask Jemise about late registration.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Move a couple of John's VM allocations from gratia09 to gratia07 -- he now has the whole machine and it's ready to roll. Let him know, check access.</li>
      <li id="CD">Chat to Dan about VMs and progress.</li>
      <li>Chat to Dan about gratia13 -- will pull disk to trigger rebuild and monitor.</li>
      <li id="CD">John W. blew the certs away on gr7x0 -- copy all gr*7* certs from fnpcsrv1:/local/globus/timm/gridadmin to gratia07:/root/certificates and add him to .k5login.</li>
      <li>Talk to Neha about clogger - needs to request a special logging principal and have them allow it on clogger.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to John W. about active vs inactive probes and when to change one to the other.</li>
      <li id="CD">Work on dev machines' memory and VM distribution. Chat to John W., Philippe, Steve, Dan. reconfigure. Update Gratia org. doc. -- again.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Faarooq about heartbeat.</li>
      <li id="CD">More updates to gratia org doc. Investigate memory situation further and send proposal for redistribution.</li>
      <li>IM with Dan over gratia13 -- backplane not in 'til Friday. Replication has caught up though.</li>
      <li class="done">More thinking about VM allocation -- will need some other-OS VMs. Talk to John W. tomorrow.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Run gratia-archive.sh for gr12x3.</li>
      <li>More checks on replication -- drifting further away.</li>
      <li id="CD">Investigate memory situation with Faarooq.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Manual run of enstore archiving on gr12x4. OK. Nothing for gr12x3 though. Mail to Dan asking to get it fixed with enstore group.</li>
      <li>Check into replication progress on gr13x5. Seems to be unable to get closer that 11K seconds.</li>
      <li>At Keith's request, remove certificates link in /etc/grid-security to disable monitoring on gr12x2.</li>
      <li>Chat to John W. about current transfer / storage data.</li>
      <li>Investigate reports from Horst of failed uploads. Eventually diagnose bad osg-user-vo-map.txt file. Send updated probe tree based on the one they sent me with the new probe with the robustness fixes.</li>
      <li id="CD">Reply to mail from Steve T. re service IPs on gr8xN.</li>
      <li>Reply to mail from Karthik asking for probe monitoring -- tell them update to OSG 1.2 to get RSV probe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Alert from Dan: replication stopped on gr13x5. Fix replication table exclusions and restart (FGCAB).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More discussions over gratia13. Help Dan with ganglia monitoring of slave status and associated config.</li>
      <li>Investigate empty report email from OSG daily collector -- this is OK, Philippe will decommission report.</li>
      <li>Improve gratia-archive.sh script to write to enstore from =/grid/state= instead of <tt>/data/tomcat-gratia/...</tt>. Also allow backup of XML from machines other than the one from which the script is executed.</li>
      <li>Backup XML to enstore from gr10x0 for gr8xN.</li>
      <li>Configure and run XML backup to enstore on gr12xN -- gr12x4 failure due to missing enstore permissions. Dan will request fix.</li>
      <li>Status report on enstore XML backups to fermigrid-ops.</li>
      <li id="CD">Update gratia organization document.</li>
      <li id="CD">Chat to Faarooq about remote backup one-liners for gr8xN.</li>
      <li>Status report for Keith.</li>
      <li>FermiGrid group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate legacy re-director problems. Configure and start apache to redirect http://gratia.opensciencegrid.org:80/ web requests to the production reporter. Also deactivate firewall on gr13x2 (FGCAB). Emails back and forth with Horst.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John W. on WLCG reporting and copying to gr12x0 from gr13x0.</li>
      <li id="CD">Help Faarooq diagnose networking problems on gratia08. Mostly the problems was that the switch was on private network; but also bad entry for peth0 in modprobe.conf was causing problems even when not using wrong switch.</li>
      <li>Re-do ruhex translation change for John W.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fix gr6x2 for offsite access.</li>
      <li>Discussions and investigations into continuing gratia13 problems.</li>
      <li>Investigate problem report from Ruth re OSG production reporting -- restart. Also talk to GOC, service desk about mis-assigned ticket.</li>
      <li>Check transfer catch-up -- done.</li>
      <li>Fail over reporting IPs to gr12xN to allow for reboot of gratia13. Heartbeat was off on gr12x4 -- configure and start.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check OSG transfer progress.</li>
      <li>IM with Brian about replication slowness. Investigate -- no obvious reason.</li>
      <li>Mails about slowness of rebuild on gratia13 array. Investigate DB trouble. Failover DB IP and turn off slave replication (FGCAB).</li>
      <li>Continue to monitor DB status.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Dan about LVS migration from gr8x5 to gr13x2.</li>
      <li id="CD">Verify reasonable operation of heartbeat during gr11x5 optimization.</li>
      <li>Chat to Tanya about interaction with CMS T1 SE over dCache probe.</li>
      <li>Chat to John W. about new hardware, WLCG updates, etc.</li>
      <li>Confirm Brian has switched to the new DB server.</li>
      <li>IM from Scot K. regarding expat library problems with RSV probe. Refer to Alain.</li>
      <li>Email from Karthik about lack of access to new DB server to verify email reporting, etc, remotely. Talk to Dan; poke hole in firewall.</li>
      <li>Talk to Arvind about lack of access to !MyOSG from new server. Send host certs. Discussion with Dan, Keith over whether we should be doing host certs or service certs.</li>
      <li>Shut down gratia08/09.</li>
      <li>Check Jon B. has changed !BundleSize. Confirm.</li>
      <li>Reply to Steve query on gr11xN cert distributions. Deactivate.</li>
      <li>Install required perl modules on gr6x1, gr13x5 for VO, site reports (FGCAB).</li>
      <li>Advise Karthik on how to update gratia account files for reporting.</li>
      <li>Advise Philippe of continuing non-functioning status of ROOT report -- install X11 dev on gr6x0 (add =multilib_policy=best= to yum.conf to avoid installing both versions of libs with groupinstall.</li>
      <li>Reassure Tanya / Jon B. over receipt of CMS T1 records by OSG collector.</li>
      <li>Check OSG transfer progress, Fermi transfer replication status (caught up).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate collector logs sent by Karthik -- nothing useful. Send email asking for retry with higher logging levels.</li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/11</dt>
  <dt>2010/03/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Agenda for Gratia meeting, meeting, minutes.</li>
      <li>Chat to Alain, Scot, Tim, Mine regarding probe security update.</li>
      <li>Ask Alain about Java 1.6 in VDT. Not a problem in itself, but tomcat55 is set up to use 1.5. Might be easier if we went to tomcat6 at the same time.</li>
      <li>VDT ticket to request addition of configuration of http cert location to configure_gratia.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Karthik / Horst on secure HTTP configuration for test collector.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>At Brian's request, remove unwanted dependency from spec. file for !dCache-storage probe.</li>
      <li>Comment on collector exception reported by Brian -- looks like network glitch.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Test PBS probe on gr6x1 from saved test files -- OK.</li>
      <li>Build probes and release to VDT with email.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ask for CE for condor probe tests. Get one from John W (cms-xen1).</li>
      <li>Test condor probe on cms-xen1 -- OK.</li>
      <li>Re-package PBS/LSF probe as version-controlled files instead of original source package + lots of patches.</li>
      <li>Fix 64-bit complaints about !xmlUtil.cpp.</li>
      <li>Tell svn to ignore !urCreator exec.</li>
      <li>Cut release 1.06.15f-1 of probes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate problems with Aaron's collector -- need further DB tweaks. Fixed.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Investigate Karthik's observation that some text columns are now longtext in new schemata. Confirm.</li>
      <li>Install java 1.6 on gr6x0.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/02</dt>
  <dt>2010/03/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work on dev machine readiness, including certificates and DB schema access permissions. get collector working for Aaron T. on gr6x5. Notify. Clarify.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2010/03/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Enroll in ITIL class 03/23.</li>
      <li>Traffic safety awareness training and test.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Overhaul of cluttered browser bookmarks including removal of many duplicates caused by bad cross-browser sync.</li>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to macusers on VPN software problem. Also suggest resetting power management system to solve crash problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Time card.</li>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
      <li>Arrange with Eileen to transfer E6500 registration to me.</li>
      <li>New version of !TinkerTool is available: install, notify Walter.</li>
      <li>Compose list of critical items.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2010/03/03</dt>
  <dt>2010/03/02</dt>
  <dt>2010/03/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Adjustments to time card for weekend work.</li>
      <li>Work log.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 01 Mar 2010