%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063757" format="1.1" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<h1>Chris Green's personal work log for YYYY/mm/dd - YYYY/mm/dd</h1>
%TOC%

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

Note: the entries from 7/13 through 7/20 may be incomplete, having been reconstructed after the fact.

<h3>User Support</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/07/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Updated registrations for Ruth and Eileen.</li>
      <li>Sent email and chatted to Gabriele and Eileen about VOMRS.</li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ruth to give welcome.</li>
      <li>Ruth to give VDT talk.</li>
      <li>Short UG meeting.</li>
      <li>Indico updated.</li>
      <li>Mail sent to all attendees including updated meal information.</li>
      <li>Set up modification password to allow easy(!) upload of talk.</li>
      <li>Resolve confusion over I2U2 and users' Meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Interview Kevin Kinder for 070104</li>
      <li>Asked Sheila C. about VC ad hoc number -- apparently, 82, 85 or 88 are all fine.</li>
      <li>Mail with Tanya about VOMS/VOMRS talk.</li>
      <li>Tim Cartright unable to attend to talk about VDT.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Received info from Preston re MPI.</li>
      <li>Received answer on VC.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Interview Anthony Tiradani for 070104.</li>
      <li>Discussed interview with Burt and Gabriele.</li>
      <li>More correspondence on storage session.</li>
      <li>Attend Fermigrid Users' Meeting.</li>
      <li>Asked about room reservation and VC facilities.</li>
      <li>Problem with notification for some OSG VO email.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail from Burt about interviews for [[http://fermi.hodesiq.com/job_detail.asp?JobID=961152&user_id=][CMS candidate]] Monday and Wednesday next week.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Alain about site meeting restaurant -- will keep it informal; easier since dinner numbers weren't part of the registration form and Key Wester needs a solid number 5 days in advance.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Abhishek about remaining talks to arrange and VOs not yet represented.</li>
      <li>Minutes of yesterday's meeting transcribed.</li>
      <li>Mail with Juan Carlos and Steve Barnet about attending the UM</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat with Abhishek about measures to scare up more attendants for the UG meeting; more Friday.</li>
      <li>Started UG meeting; handed over to Mats and Abhishek.</li>
      <li>OSG VO issues -- tried to get new signers to apply direct to FNAL VOMRS; one did, one hasn't yet.</li>
      <li>Jing Ti erroneously signed up for !IceCube and production.</li>
      <li>Tried to push on dual VOMS issue. Ruth suggested a cutoff date of August, no reply from RQ yet.</li>
      <li>Mail from Doug Olson about UG meetings -- still need to reply.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with !IceCube.</li>
      <li>GOC RSS fee problem fixed by Kyle: ticket #3685 resolved.</li>
      <li>Mail from Doug Olson re STAR talks -- need to find details and put in Indico. Need to fix storage session and I think there might be something from LIGO too.</li>
      <li>Received meeting minutes from Abhishek -- need to read and transcribe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Phone conference with Anne H., Mats and John !McGee. No action items for me, yet: woohoo!</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Documentation meeting</li>
      <li>Discussion with Nickolai about testing environment / forwarding feature on fermigrid and sent RSL fragment.</li>
      <li>Chat with Forrest about verbatim includes from other TWiki pages:
<verbatim>
Conversation with manasclerk at 7/10/2007 11:54:19 AM on chissgreen (aim)
(11:54:19 AM) Forrest Christian: in the source document, you have to name the sections:
(11:54:37 AM) Forrest Christian: %STARTSECTION{ "SomeName"}%
(11:54:38 AM) Forrest Christian: text
(11:54:42 AM) Chris Green: with standard # notation?
(11:54:47 AM) Chris Green: Ah, OK.
(11:54:54 AM) Forrest Christian: %ENDSECTION{ "SomeName" }%
(11:55:04 AM) Forrest Christian: then in the referencing doc,
(11:55:23 AM) Forrest Christian: %INCLUDE{ topic="MyTopic" section="SomeName" }%
(11:55:38 AM) Forrest Christian: Just be aware that it pulls in the heading levels as-is
(11:55:46 AM) Forrest Christian: i have a workaround but it's somewhat painful
(11:55:46 AM) Chris Green: Ah, I see; this is great.
(11:55:57 AM) Chris Green: Thank you.
(11:56:22 AM) Forrest Christian: check the docs (TWiki.VarINCLUDE) to make sure I have that closing section tag right
(11:56:28 AM) Forrest Christian: It might be STOPSECTION
(11:56:45 AM) Forrest Christian: it's whatever STARTINCLUDE's ending tag isn't
(11:58:07 AM) Chris Green: ENDSECTION
(11:58:11 AM) Forrest Christian: aha
(11:58:17 AM) Forrest Christian: well, there you have it
(11:58:43 AM) Chris Green: I could also use rev, and a regex, apparently.
(11:58:50 AM) Forrest Christian: oh yeah
(11:58:57 AM) Forrest Christian: i use regex all over for includes
(11:59:07 AM) Forrest Christian: but if you can use sections it makes your life MUCH easiery
<snip>
</verbatim>
      </li>
      <li>Added 2 for Chez Leon to Nickolai's UG registration.</li>
      <li>Was asked by Chander to add someone to OSG VO -- need access to IU server to obtain credentials in order to clone.</li>
    </ul>  
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Arranged to telecon with Anne, Mats and John M. re CHEP demo.</li>
      <li>Talked to P. !LeBrun, Steve T. and Neha about Fermigrid forwarding.</li>
      <li>Better library location ability for =osg-vo-tests=; also improve documentation, add HTML generation and improve man page generation.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Gratia</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/07/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fix DB corruption -- really need to upgrade MySQL engine to handle transactions.</li>
      <li>Sent email about outages and schema updates.</li>
      <li>(Including Saturday): troubleshooting page, ticket email, diagnostics and repair tools and 54 tickets to GOC.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Storms tripped DB upgrade -- fix and restart.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Alain regarding instructions for correct pacman update of probes.</li>
      <li>Fixed psacct RPM config problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gratia ticket 3773 about condor configuration error. Forwarded to Alain.</li>
      <li>Jeff asked about making changes to the HEAD stored procedures.</li>
      <li>Minimal config files to Steve T.</li>
      <li>Schema upgrade on production instance to have proper site name and VO name correction.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Alain about Gratia, etc.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>DB re-load on gratia06 due to repartitioning of disk.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone conversations with Jeff re reports.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reported that some reports don't properly account for recent schema updates.</li>
      <li>VONameCorrection table now utilized by !VOProbeSummary, which is a view on !VOProbeSummaryData.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Questions over 1.6.1k release of Gratia probes from Terrence M. re Condor 6.9.x -- should just work. Later problems with installation wiping out configuration -- need to work with Alain next week to find a solution to this.</li>
      <li>Issues from Greg Sharp:
      <ul>
        <li> =post-install.sh= did not work due to makefile problem being fixed in one place when it should have been fixed in two -- need a new release for Alain.</li>
        <li>Problems with reports referring to columns deleted from !JobUsageRecord -- need fixing ASAP.</li>
        <li>Questions regarding first storage record in a batch being rejected by server -- timeout due to daemon operation. Will be fixed by introduction of handshaking operation.</li>
        <li>Talked about dCache probe packaging as RPM.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Tested views containing =group by= clause -- needed to produce corrected !VOProbeSummary table.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with Greg Sharp:
      <ul>
         <li>dCache probe to be distributed by Gratia.</li>
         <li>Bug in =Gratia.py=: Grid attribute not put in XML; fixed, including checks and balances elsewhere.</li>
         <li>Question regarding changing mysql5 port to avoid clashes with dCache.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Correspondence with Jeff:
      <ul>
         <li>Fixed problem in =configure-collector= with configuration of =post-install.sh=.</li>
         <li>Corrected escaped-quotes problem in dCache stored procedure.</li>
         <li>Upgraded Jeff's VM.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe about dCache, table structure and to-do lists</li>
      <li>Discussion with Ted about to-do list.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Brian B. and Frank about reports for Friday.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Greg Sharp about VDT installation of services.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Jeff Mack about reports.</li>
      <li>Feature additions to =create_build-stored-procedures-sql=:
      <ul>
        <li>whitespace-formatted query blocks for readability;</li>
        <li>added new procedure =DcacheBySource=;</li>
        <li>added condition: do not use summary table if Resource table found in from clause.</li>
      </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Generated fresh SQL for Jeff and updated =gratia-jeffmack= on =gratia-vm02=.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/09</dt>
</dl>

<h3>Other</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/07/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~105 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 20 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Attended all-day course on secure coding.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Department meeting.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~77 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 12 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talked to Eileen about the current state of !MiniBooNE's condor cluster; checked version numbers with Steve T; sent to Steve B.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~99 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 18 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~88 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 8 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly grid meeting</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ForrestChristian
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 09 Jul 2007