%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063759" format="1.1" version="1.11"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2009/05/25 - 2009/06/05

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

*[Memorial Day 2009/05/25]* <br/>
*[Illness 2009/05/26 - 2009/05/29]*

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/06/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence on Iter. Obtain new compile script for Jacquard and upload.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email to Jim Simone and Don H. offering help with VDT compile.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Gabriele on Geant4 and Iter.</li>
      <li>Attempt to compile new Iter package -- report to Jeff with link error on Franklin.</li>
      <li>Compile successfully on FRANKLIN -- failures on jacquard now.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail from Alberto giving details of current progress -- 60 jobs per day, approx. Send email.</li>
      <li>Talk to Ruth and Abhishek.</li>
      <li>Arrange to talk to Iter next Wed after testing new app.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Suzanne on Geant4 validation requirements document next revision.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Sign off on travel expenses.</li>
      <li>Chat to Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/06/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fermigrid group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ask Dan to collect info to put in service calls on gratia machines with disk trouble.</li>
      <li>Check MIT_CMS catchup progress -- appears to be complete but lots of files remaining in gratia/var/data. FYI to Burt.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reboot remaining gratia machines to pick up kernel updates.</li>
      <li>Migrate emailed reports from gratia06 to gratia09. Install necessary perl modules and mutt.</li>
      <li>Work with G.P. Yeh to get an OIM identity to continue to receive emailed reports.</li>
      <li>Email announcing swap-over to use new OIM data structure.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Produce Interview Evaluation documents, check, sign and submit.</li>
      <li>Request from Burt to check progress of MIT catchup -- slow, but proceeding.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check in with Keith, Dan and Steve on gratia machine disk problems.</li>
      <li id="CD">Check in with Dan, Keith, Steve on candidates.</li>
      <li>Investigate possible problems with probe versions of FNAL CE probes -- several erroneous probe names that should be marked inactive. Also, a bug was preventing proper merging of Fermi and OSG data. This has since been fixed by Philippe. Sent up-to-date info to Steve.</li>
      <li>Check with John W. on significance of APEL transfer warning message.</li>
      <li>Reactivate gratia02 integration collector nightly upgrades.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/06/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More work on proxy handling. Still problems. More diagnostics.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Enter Google Code issues for dafault VO reporting groups in OIM, VO parent information and multiple certificates for person registration.</li>
      <li>Review and sign off on Google Code issue #4 for Arvind.</li>
      <li>Attempt to pick up on probe proxy work -- need to do some more tests.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fix handling of Fermilab VO.</li>
      <li>Merge local and OIM VO lists.</li>
      <li>Default data sources in Data.pm.</li>
      <li>Remove default user-reports.dat (needs path resolution).</li>
      <li>Some info redirected from STDERR to STDOUT.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Arvind. Renew request for RSV probe retrofit to new API. Must remember what I was going to put on goggle code before falling ill. Also request hierarchy info on VOs instead of having to infer it.</li>
      <li>Better subject line in site reports. Less confusing introductory mail.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More IM with Arvind over problems with !MyOSG data structure.</li>
      <li>Chat with Steve T. over Fermilab sub-VO structure.</li>
      <li>Implement reading of resource contact info from !MyOSG / XML.</li>
      <li>Implement reading of VO contact info from !MyOSG / XML.</li>
      <li>Start to investigate apparent problems checking local vs OIM data. Case?</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check in with Philippe on Gratia meetings, etc.</li>
      <li>IM with Brian trying to ascertain source of problem with his test collector -- problem with contributed code.</li>
      <li>IM with Arvind on !MyOSG / OIM and Gratia reports.</li>
      <li>Start working on updates to XML processing -- certificate use for retrieval.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/06/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Keith and Gabriele about computer purchasing in the EPEAT era.</li>
      <li>Try to work up an EPEAT-compliant quote.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Gabriele and Eileen on correct use of error reporting codes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to sync calendars.</li>
      <li>Attend security round-table.</li>
      <li>For Eileen: review FTL and ensure all activities exist in the system.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Eileen about software lockdown.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>CD effort report closeout.</li>
      <li>First use of production FTL system for Monday's effort.</li>
      <li>End-of-May time sheet fill in and submit.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/06/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log.</li>
      <li>Get cleared by medical.</li>
      <li>Check in with Gabriele and Eileen.</li>
      <li>Service desk req 2759 for printer reset.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 01 Jun 2009