%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063758" format="1.1" version="1.22"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2008/11/24 - 2008/12/05

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

---++++!!General Notes:
   * 2008/11/27 - 2008/11/28 Thanksgiving holiday

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Get back into NERSC. Interactive franklin works, gatekeeper does not. Notified Shreyas: he knows and is investigating.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Incorporate Ruth's comments and forward to engage-team.</li>
      <li>Install client on gratia01 and start talking to NERSC machines. Of course, franklin is down right now.</li>
      <li>Collect some useful NERSC bookmarks.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM with Ruth. Wants to see draft of PNNL email.</li>
      <li class="done">Call Shreyas.</li>
      <li>Have more info about running at NERSC -- basically need to run an MPI job myself and navigate some of the pitfalls.</li>
      <li class="done">Talk to Mats when he gets back for more info on running MPI through Engage.</li>
      <li>Draft of PNNL email to Ruth for comment.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Organize Trash/Engagement-related emails and web links.</li>
      <li>Regain NIM access to NERSC resources.</li>
      <li>Mail with Shreyas re NERSC status and plans.</li>
      <li>Identify names to contact at PNNL: TP Straatsma, Gordon Anderson and Ian Gorton. Make a start on email to same.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/01</dt>
  <dt>2008/11/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth:
      <ul><li class="done">PNNL Contact made previously -- Chris Oehmen, DMR -- materials science. Possible GLOW connection -- talk to Greg Thain and Maxim P. Original contact from NSF program officer. Go-ahead to make contact with !Medici PI.</li>
          <li>NREL -- 'phone meeting between John M., Mats, Ruth. After Xmas?</li>
          <li class="done">NERSC: talk to Shreyas, try to pick up there. Need apps.</li>
          <li>Possible trip to Nebraska week of 12/13 -- Gratia collector, etc, etc.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Talk to Maxim: recollection of doing some work during a visit to Wisconsin end of July. Large FORTRAN app. Proprietary message-passing library would have to be removed / replaced, looked possible but required some work. Main stumbling block would be MPI interconnect initialization. Some ideas but no progress.</li>
      <li>Talk to Greg Thain: Miron asked him to look at master-worker port for DMR app because intercommunication was very top-down. Didn't make much progress due to lack of FORTRAN expertise.</li>
      <li class="done">Think about DMR -- likely to be low return on effort to resume DMR communication. Confirm with Ruth.</li>
      <li>Following mail from Mats on fixed application form -- apply for account on submission machine. Obtained. Logged in to =engage-submit.renci.org=. Set up ssh-key access.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Skype conversation with Mats. John is on vacation, apparently. Eric Deutsch was a misunderstanding as there are two systems biology groups, one of which (Eric Deutsch, http://www.systemsbiology.org/) Mats is already working with. The one at PACNW is http://www.sysbio.org/. Mats suggested confirming with Ruth that opening contacts at PACNW is something we want to do.</li>
      <li>Applied for RENCI submission machine account. Problems submitting -- Mats is investigating.</li>
      <li><ul class="done">Immediate tasks:<li>Read sys-bio pages.</li><li>Start thinking about contact strategy.</li><li>Check with Ruth on NWPAC desirability.</li></ul></li>
      <li>Start reading NWPAC sysbio pages. Medici -- what is it, and can it integrate with OSG? Steve Clark might know something -- email sent.</li>
      <li>Research into Medici -- PACNW Medici (biological cluster work flow framework) is *not* Steve Clark's Medici (proprietary silicon simulation system).</li>
      <li>Contact Mats to arrange another discussion tomorrow.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Close out Ben Skrianka ticket.</li>
      <li>Attempt to contact John !McGee via IM. Sart researching engagement activities and contact opportunities.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fermigrid Ops meeting.</li>
      <li class="done">Email from Arvind regarding replication or detailsData. Must investigate Monday.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM with Arvind about cross-replication.</li>
      <li id="CD">Investigate SAZ problem -- no joy.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Final part of SAZ review discussions.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Received multiple pages, most due to Bluearc glitch. Some due to non-critical systems. Certificate expiration warning unnecessarily persistent -- Keith to fix.</li>
      <li id="CD" class="done">Diagnosed SAZ glitch. Root cause unknown.</li>
      <li id="CD">Received non critical pages after hours. Emailed Keith to try to convince him to suppress non-critical systems at unsocial hours. Steve agrees.</li>
      <li>Obtain budget code for Nebraska trip.</li>
      <li class="done">Will need to let Keith know since 12/18 is probably in a week where I have the pager.</li>
      <li id="CD">Get put in root's .k5login on particular systems to allow me to respond meaningfully to pages.</li>
      <li>Fix md5v2 index on RSV server to remove annoying (but not harmful) exception.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Weekend email with Keith -- fermi_itb collector appears to have lost its enhanced tomcat memory config in the last upgrade -- reinstate on Monday.</li>
      <li>IM with Arvind. Try to diagnose upgrade failure. Most likely to be glitch caused by bouncing the DB at the wrong time. Logging increased and collector restarted.</li>
      <li>Arrangements for Nebraska trip to help install collector.</li>
      <li id="CD">Mail out SAZ review notes after incorporating Timur's comments.</li>
      <li id="CD">SAZ review meeting with Neha, Gabriele, Ted. Will need a part #2.</li>
      <li>Satisfied that collector failure was due to DB bounce. !MetricRecord indexes added manually with one =ALTER TABLE= command whilecollector was adding !MetricRecord_Meta indexes. Check collector's progress later.</li>
      <li>Get Keith to clear up Igor M's two misunderstandings with his Ops report as flagged by Philippe.</li>
      <li>Reconfigure fermi_itb memory and check in changes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Quick email to Mine / Joel on "Generic D0 user" reporting from MWT2_IU.</li>
      <li>Chat to Steve on CPU time reporting for CDF / Minos pilot jobs.</li>
      <li>Email to Arvind on RSV cleanup. Revised plan that doesn't need me. Waiting for comments.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Add guess-work translation for !SBGrid/Role=RSV -- check when Ian S.R. confirms first records sent.</li>
      <li>Query from Brian B regarding DOSAR's extremely high CPU - Wall ratio as a result of local MPI jobs. Investigation reveals OUHEP is mapping a bunch of their local users to DOSAR. If they were to stop that, we'd be golden.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Close out Florida-HPC ticket and mark inactive probes as such.</li>
      <li>Check nanohub ticket has been transferred to Purdue for resolution via re-mapping.</li>
      <li id="CD">Write up SAZ review notes for final comment from reviewers.</li>
      <li>Brief discussion with Dan on configuration for redirect test.</li>
      <li>Check installation of new QCD probe on kaon2 for Nirmal.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Finish and debug RSV probe, including IM to Arvind. Still need to write wrapper script and debug PBS/LSF-specific behavior.</li>
      <li>Brief investigation of replication of !ProbeDetails (to allow main collector to keep track of versions of probes only seen by feeder collectors). Not available via GUI in current release and doesn't work anyway.</li>
      <li>Add control of !ProbeDetails replication to GUI and mention on replication doc page.</li>
      <li>Fix gross error (misplaced &gt;) in replication XML for !ProbeDetails.</li>
      <li>Start investigating why Software details aren't attached to replicated !ProbeDetails XML. Made some progress, handed off to Philippe.</li>
      <li>Investigate and reply to Ian S.R. on what he was seeing.</li>
      <li class="done">Promised Marcia an article would be forthcoming on Gratia release.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Ruth, Philippe and Sebastian G. about accounting for BOINC jobs at Clemson.</li>
      <li>Work on RSV probe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Ruth on data collection notes and provide list of probes / sites at 1.10.1n</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Obtain info from Brian on what I told him about the Gratia probe. Also obtain info on writing RSV probes.</li>
      <li>Talk to Alicia and Brian and get him to get Mine to request non-physics and non-HEP checkboxes on VO registrations.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check in changes to indexes for !MetricRecord.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on probe version strings and queries. Last release, forgot to use an exported version so no tags in version strings in VDT 1.10.1n. Argh.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM with Ruth: need documentation today for blueprint meeting with Miron tomorrow.</li>
      <li>More work on doc for Ruth.</li>
      <li>Finish doc (pending comments). Notify people, place links and introduction on Accounting !TWiki. Current version [[%SCRIPTURL%/view/Accounting/GratiaDataCollectionNotes?rev=6][here]]; latest version [[Accounting.%HOMETOPIC%][here]].</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Gabriele about VO group reporting and Gratia.</li>
      <li>More mail on remedy / FP interface -- any more missed tickets?</li>
      <li>More work on documentation of [[%SCRIPTURL%/view/Accounting/GratiaDataCollectionNotes?rev=3][data collection]].</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to ticket requesting access to OSGEDU VOMS -- close ticket as rendered irrelevant. Send Alina the raw report and change existing weekly VO reports (OSG, Engage) to use new "all-vos" system.</li>
      <li>Check 1.10.1n released notes for Gratia -- minor notes to Alain via IM.</li>
      <li>Make a start on documentation of [[%SCRIPTURL%/view/Accounting/GratiaDataCollectionNotes?rev=1][data collection]].</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email Mine / Ian S.R. on not counting RSV tests in VO statistics.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/05</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/04</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log. Add ability to easily mark CD ops items.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/02</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/01</dt>
  <dt>2008/11/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth, Mine, Gabriele and Philippe to discuss Gratia priorities and organization between Ops and development / maintenance.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM to Ruth (off-line).</li>
      <li>Meet with Gabriele to come up with action plan to keep Gratia work down to budgeted levels.</li>
      <li>Monitor replacement arrive -- assemble, configure test; and return loaner.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Discuss work log and Trash/Engagement with Ruth.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
      <li>Set up MM and daily reminder to IM Ruth.</li>
      <li>Review goals for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Find log book.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 24 Nov 2008