%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1226014595" format="1.1" reprev="1.10" version="1.10"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2008/10/27 - 2008/11/07

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/11/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Further chat to Mine re Gratia probes and explanations for various apparent accounting anomalies in VO reports.</li>
      <li>Investigate email collector warnings from QCD collector -- QCD GKs are turned off until after the substation switchover tomorrow.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Comments to Dan on clean-up plan.</li>
      <li>Deal with high load issues on gratia-vm02 after reboot -- chkconfigged off all collectors.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate possible problems handling bad data from transfer probe at the collector end. Seems to be doing the right thing.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Ian S.R., Mine, Steve C. on possible Gratia reporting irregularities. As far as we can tell thus far, Gratia is doing the right thing. Still need to investigate some of Ian's stuff further, though.</li>
      <li>Report from Keith of problems with picking reporting metric on some reports. Forwarded to Penelope and Jeff.</li>
      <li>Report from Keith of non-responsive osg_integration collector -- memory issue. FGCAB request for configuration change. Done.</li>
      <li>Non-responsive ITB collector; due to DB communication glitch; restarted.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Dan and Jere on labeling of gratia-help tickets.</li>
      <li>Send pager number to Keith.</li>
      <li>Chat to Mine about practical limitations on quality of Gratia information.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Obtain ITIL approval for and fix ZRM backup configuratoin problem for fermi_itb. Run manual backup as a check.</li>
      <li>Add ability to source backup_cron script to do individual backups instead of the whole set.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Dan over whether there should be an integration collector for transfer records. No, but we should make sure transfer records get replicated in from somewhere.</li>
      <li>Final checks on Nebraska data to delete, discussions with Brian and email notifying gratia-ops and Brian of steps to take.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/31</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Long meeting with Dan and Steve on Gratia reorganization plans.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>With Dan: install 1.00.1 on production OSG and Gratia collectors. Minor hiccup with unexpected schema update on gratia-psacct. Checks of installed collectors for latent problems, Activate housekeeping on OSG collector.</li>
      <li>Investigate large queue on production Gratia -- UNL reporting transfers to OSG Gratia -- get Brian to reconfigure to 8886 and replicate existing records over to same from 8880.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Pick up pager from WH5W.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate GPGRID / nanohub reporting issues -- GPGRID is sending to OSG rather than fermi; and we need to check configure_gratia to make sure it won't overwrite non-standard SOAPHOST settings.</li>
      <li>Investigate Cornell reporting -- mis-configured PBS log location combined with needed site name translation on collector.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Clarification of whether data correction for Nebraska requires ITIL request -- answer NO.</li>
      <li>ITIL request for Gratia upgrade on production.</li>
      <li>Attempt to select and verify data to be deleted for Nebraska due to duplicated information from two different probes (/pbs:/ vs /pbs-lsf:/). Include discussions with Brian.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/11/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gratia meeting minutes.</li>
      <li>Bump version no. in !DatabaseMaintenance.java and cut / test 1.00.3 on integration.</li>
      <li>Investigations with John W as to why workaround for off-by-one-day problem does not work in VDT install. IM with Tim C.: turns out VDT tomcat has this bit crippled and needs a *really* good reason to re-enable it. Asked Philippe for advice.</li>
      <li>Following conversation thread with I. S.R.: add ability to probes to suppress Grid==Local jobs.</li>
      <li>Update spec file and configure_gratia to allow local changes to !MeterName, !SOAPHost, !SSLHost and !SSLRegistrationHost to be preserved.</li>
      <li>configure-collector can now be configured not to do chkconfig based on specs in .dat file. Mail to John W. asking to test on gratiax31.</li>
      <li>Fix apel interface config problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting agenda and announcement,</li>
      <li>Investigate problems in reporting. Diagnose and hand-off to Penelope.</li>
      <li>Investigate high load on gratia-vm02 after reboot -- chkconfig --del to all collectors.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Brian B about transfer probe. Incorporate patch for handling bad DB data.</li>
      <li>Further attempt to communicate with Penelope and Jeff re bug. Notification to VDT about possible showstopper bug.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail asking Brian about exception handling for transfer probe prior to release.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John over cleanup additions for VDT and configure-collector change for WLCG interface area ownership.</li>
      <li>Spreadsheet report for Philippe.</li>
      <li>Get configure_gratia link from John W to check for overwrite problems on existing attributes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/31</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate, implement and test clean-up  code for !CollectorService::!ContextDestroyed() at request of VDT to obviate need for wget in tomcat startup script.</li>
      <li>Integration test, cut and release 1.00.2</li>
      <li>Short-cut script to upgrade all integration collectors to known, numbered release (as opposed to latest nightly).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Arvind on merits of Gratia 1.0 for Metrics. Also discussed need to rationalize his home-done indexes with the new set that are generated for 1.0</li>
      <li>Discussions with Brian and new patch fixing transfer probe problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Grata meeting</li>
      <li>Incorporate Brian's patch for transfer probe and build / cut probe release.</li>
      <li>Add ability to get date threshold from config file to Brian's patches to transfer probe and kick back to Brian for testing.</li>
      <li>Integration-test housekeeping fixes; cut and release 1.00.1.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate and fix KCA certificate trouble on gratia-vm02. Work with John W to update certificate distribution.</li>
      <li>Investigate (with Philippe) problem with housekeeping for trace and !DupRecord tables. Fix. Start mysqldump transfer of trace and !DupRecord from gratia DB to test DB to run tests. Test. Commit.</li>
      <li>Help Philippe with configure-collector changes to restore ability to have no-security test collectors.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>(Re)-investigate and fix !C3P0 mbean warning problem.</li>
      <li>Discussions with John over problems with 1.0 as installed from VDT test cache. Problems mostly resolved by amending John's "hybrid" configuration and startup procedure. All other problems resolved with instructions to VDT team on packaging changes related to init script.</li>
      <li>Reply to Torre on improvements to Panda probe. Include latest Gratia.py and instructions on using DN, !VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoName, !ReportableVOName, !RegisterReporter and !RegisterService methods.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/11/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Forward email RMA from Acer to D1.</li>
      <li>Email from Ben Skrianka -- bailing out in disgust.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Re-engineer work-log template for Engagement task.</li>
      <li>Dept meeting.</li>
      <li>Power failure PM.</li>
      <li>Respond to email from Elizabeth C. about lack of email to Ben Skrianka ticket. Eventually found remedy info and forwarded to FP.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Open helpdesk ticket for monitor repair. D1 has monitor for return to Acer.</li>
      <li>Reply on Ben Skrianka ticket with instructions on joining the OSG VO.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/11/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Call in to D1 re pre-fail indications from monitor.</li>
      <li>Reconstruct last week's work log due to TWiki loss.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth and Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Reply on all OSG tickets via remedy. Check in with Elizabeth C. and ask about getting the FP ticket number in the remedy ticket somewhere.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/31</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Cookie caucus.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ping from Elizabeth re OSG VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo tickets.</li>
      <li>Status report to CD support re SAV trouble and request for next steps.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>D. Schuman re-installed latest SAV. More check failures (laptop unavailable for this period). Tests indicate problem is over-large TB mail shadow files. Run successful check with exclusion. Re-optimize mail shadow files (save 50% space).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigation into crashes of SAV. Need to run check in safe mode to rule out file-in-use or other causes.</li>
      <li>More trouble with driving monitor in HDTV mode instead of monitor mode. Argh.</li>
      <li>Brief chat with Elizabeth regarding Hou. Need to check VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/10/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Catch up on work log entries for week before vacation.</li>
      <li>Report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Group Meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 27 Oct 2008
