%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1201018382" format="1.1" reprev="1.8" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2008/01/07 - 2008/01/18

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/01/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Chander about OSG VO stuff.</li>
      <li>Quick alteration to site testing to add link to VORS info: fed up with having to go to VORS independently to look something up.</li>
      <li class="todo">Chat to Nickolai -- he wants a new release containing the fork job timeout feature.</li>
      <li>Chander sends query to Rob Q about Marlon P.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>UGCT meeting announcement</li>
      <li>UGCT meeting.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth and Mine about VO security and upcoming things.</li>
      <li>Minutes of UGCT meeting.</li>
      <li>Arrange to meet Mine 2007/01/18 AM -- later postponed to Tue.</li>
      <li>Email and meetings with Anne about OSG / VO documentation.</li>
      <li class="todo">More emails with Deepak: need to check again on Tuesday.</li>
      <li class="todo">Request from Ruth to help with Michael Yang's attempt to join OSG VO.</li>
      <li>Marlon Pierce starts OSG VO application procedure.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Question from Eileen regarding charging of VO admin time.</li>
      <li>Nebraska auth problem fixed, but DNs independently mapped to different pool IDs. No joy on getting Nebraska to change their policy and allow group accounts. Best I could get was an agreement to consider future requests to map particular UIDs to a given GID.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Lehigh_Coral now authorizes (ticket 4450) but maps to GLOW user. Asked if this is intentional.</li>
      <li>Reply on BNL auth ticket (4447) to get their GUMS pointing at correct VOMS server.</li>
      <li>Help Deepak with install problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Purdue auth problems finally fixed -- GUMS config pointed to old VOMS server.</li>
      <li>IM with Tony T. on Nebraska auth problem.</li>
      <li>Mail from Chris P. about copy failures on !MiniBooNE servers: need to put in ticket for FEF / Steve T to fix CA lists. Further back and forth during the day.</li>
      <li>Mail to Jim Fromm about LSF log rotation -- basically the .acct file is not rotated.</li>
      <li>Approve Deepak in OSG VO.</li>
      <li>Mail to Kyle about GOC RSS feed.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Respond to Purdue-Physics auth ticket (4457) -- still not fixed.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Tony T. on Nebraska and Purdue auth tickets.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Lehigh_Coral auth ticket (4450).</li>
      <li>Check with Ruth on required attendance at ETP meeting to discuss reports -- not required.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check fix and close out UFlorida-HPC !ReSS ticket (4452).</li>
      <li>Check fix and close out UFlorida-IHEPA !ReSS ticket (4453).</li>
      <li>Check fix and close out AGLT2 auth ticket (4442).</li>
      <li>Mail to Rob to arrange tight time for user support discussion at sites meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail from Steve T. indicating OSG VO and Engage quotas have been increased at FNAL from 1 to 25 and 25 to 50 respectively.</li>
      <li>Fix problems caused by keyword expansion in osg-vo-tests version code.</li>
      <li>Talk to Chander about status report.</li>
      <li>Review and discuss WLCG proposal with Ted H., email to Ruth.</li>
      <li>Discussions on schedule of monthly, "OSG VO" meeting with Ruth.</li>
      <li>Reply to Ruth regarding OSG VO support and GOC response.</li>
      <li>Request to doc group for easily-accessible documentation on updating VO package.</li>
      <li>Response to AGLT2 auth ticket 4442 re GUMS and VOMS config.</li>
      <li>Correspondence on !ReSS ticket 4443 (Nebraska), including chats with Tony Tiradani and Steve T.</li>
      <li>Arrange with Rob G to give report at Sites meeting.</li>
      <li>Correspondence on auth ticket 4445 (Nebraska).</li>
      <li>Respond to status request from Ruth on Deepak Ropireddy OSG VO request -- request late last night, waiting for Chander's questions.</li>
      <li>Mail to GOC about truncation of some emails responding to tickets.</li>
      <li>Comments to Abhishek on draft report -- couple of review rounds.</li>
      <li>Mail on UCLA_Saxon_Tier3 ticket (4448) !ReSS problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Dan Y. about certificates and SAZ.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Abhishek about area reports.</li>
      <li>Reply to Anne's email on MPI doc location.</li>
      <li>Renew Engage DOE certificate.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/01/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to produce summary table for Brian with Exit code data. SQL to produce summary table, tested on ITB but takes a looong time. Will need faster: stored proc?</li>
      <li>Talked to Neha and Burt about getting job ID info from within !JobManager.</li>
      <li>Request from Philippe to give AFS write access to Brian -- done.</li>
      <li>Work on !JobManager alterations for DN and FQAN.</li>
      <li>More discussion with Philippe about features for release.</li>
      <li>Email to integration list about wishlist - put on agenda for next week's meeting.</li>
      <li class="done">Sent email to Brian about summary table -- will need to do over weekend..</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM and 'phone call from Arvind about possible RSV probe / site problem. Confusion caused by misinterpretation of data.</li>
      <li>More from Brian re VO cleanup and obtaining FQAN within JobManager.</li>
      <li>Brian agrees to help with !InnoDB problem -- gave him access to gratia@gratia07.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe about features for next release.</li>
      <li>Check in quick !JobManager fix and quick LSF parser fix -- will need to finish longer LSF parser fix anyway.</li>
      <li>Asked Ruth for "Gratia wishlist" for discussion at integration meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussion of "Gratia wishlist" at integration meeting.</li>
      <li>Clean up !DupRecord table.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Brian wants to discuss storage probe release at next Wednesday's meeting.</li>
      <li>Agree to clean up VOs.</li>
      <li>Reply to John's question on VO cleanup.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More from Brian and VO cleanup.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Diagnose missing Wisconsin data -- sent to production Gratia by mistake due to installation of wrong RPMs.</li>
      <li>IM discussion with Brian re VO cleanup and obtaining FQAN within !JobManager.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM from Brian B listing [[http://t2.unl.edu:8086/][ideas for storage reports]].</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to email from Steve T. about Condor 6.9 and WSGRAM and Gratia. Steve traced non-GRAM duplication problem to version check in jobmanager.pm patch</li>
      <li>IM discussion with Brian B. about storage views.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe over PBS/LSF parse problem.</li>
      <li>Tests to verify behavior of tac when terminating LF is missing indicate one gets the incomplete last line with the previous line appended to it, and perl does not fill in an array based on an out-of-bounds access (contrast with associative array (hash) behavior).</li>
      <li>Added John W. back on to mailing lists.</li>
      <li>IM from Preston regarding Purdue auth problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Catch-up discussion with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Preliminary reply to Frank's email about reporting stats.</li>
      <li>IM with Brian Bockelman asking for ITB DB info for storage reporting tests.</li>
      <li>Help from Brian diagnosing bad records: now have a real one from OU to look at, requested batch logs from Horst.</li>
      <li>Investigation indicates that corrupted record was sent correctly later: definitely a race condition in the log file reading: either LSF hasn't finished writing the log entry yet; or the file is being moved out from underneath. More investigations needed before a fix is attempted.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Greg on various dCache issues: minor fixes required for PYTHONPATH and crontab cleanup on remove.</li>
      <li>Closure of MWT2_IU backlog issue, Rob G happy with APEL upload.</li>
      <li>Confusion over Site / Resource / Meter names at GROW-UNI-P -- preliminary suggestion, waiting for answer.</li>
      <li>Mail to Alain about state file preservation during upgrade; and avoiding upload of records before osg-vo-user-map.txt is updated.</li>
      <li>IM question from Arvind about grid attribute.</li>
      <li>Help Brian diagnose and fix missing data in dCache reporting (probe first reported as "Generic Site").</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/01/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ticket into helpdesk / D1 for GPU temp and thermal shutdowns.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Kip about spontaneous power-down problem -- install suggested chip temperature monitor.</li>
      <li>Check WB's laptop to see if GPU runs as hot as mine.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>All-day secure coding course.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>All-day secure coding course.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ops report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Quick mail to Al Russell to ask if AD still uses Java 1.4.2 given recent security problem.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>AJAX / Javascript training course.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>AJAX / Javascript training course.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>AJAX / Javascript training course.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/01/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ops and bi-weekly reports for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 07 Jan 2008
