%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1328026262" format="1.1" version="1.27"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<h1>Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/06/11 - 2007/06/22</h1>
%TOC%

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

<h3>User Support</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/06/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Help Paul !LeBrun with fermigrid1 job trouble -- waiting for diagnostics but could be PEBCAK.</li>
      <li>UG meeting minutes.</li>
      <li>More with Paul: looks like problem in =pbs.pm= trigggered by lack of <verbatim>(JobType=\"single\")</verbatim>clause.</li>
      <li> !MiniBooNE having problems getting their new reprocessing tzar going: need diagnostics.</li>
      <li> !MiniBooNE's problems fixed for now. Still not properly grid-ized for reprocessing (only works on =fngp-osg= despite going through the grid interface), but they'll have to get to that themselves eventually.</li>
      <li>For Paul, worked around one problem but still stymied by lack of forwarding of specified input files.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>FNAL/OSG tactical plan meeting.</li>
      <li>UG meeting.</li>
      <li>EB meeting to discuss year II items.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Paul !LeBrun came to see me; we discussed his FS-based messaging system and I suggested a change to allow him to use non-FNAL GRID sites (and CMS, incidentally).</li>
      <li>[[VOGroup][Users' meeting contact list table]] up.</li>
      <li>[[VOGroup][Agenda for tomorrow's meeting]] up.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Helped Paul !LeBrun with Fermigrid submission issues.</li>
      <li>Talked to Matt C. about implications of GCE/OSE for !MiniBooNE.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended Fermigrid Users' meeting</li>
      <li>Met with Ruth to discuss help for July meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>User Group meeting minutes online and sent to EB.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>OSG User Group meeting -- see minutes (forthcoming).</li>
      <li>Trash/Troubleshooting Bruno Goncalves' problem -- requires new cert registration in VOMS -- ended up becoming VO admin for OSG VO; argh.</li>
      <li>Chander added !IceCube group to OSG VO.</li>
      <li>Helped !MiniBooNE with Grid problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chatted to Chander -- he'll get back to me with the things that I asked him hopefully in time to report tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Attended lunch meeting with iSGTW editors.</li>
      <li>Helped !MiniBooNE get a new reprocessing production manager registered and going.</li>
      <li>Ticket to helpdesk asking for better and better organized documentation for getting people going on Fermigrid.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reviewed the two pages I was supposed to review for the documentation project.</li>
      <li>Added fork-to-daemon, log redirection and use-of-existing proxy facilities to =gridSiteTest=. Everything works except log redirection; will try again tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Ewa replied -- seems okay with it.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Impromptu lunch meeting with Chander and Ruth.</li>
      <li>Followed up on Bruno Goncalves' problem: appears to be a problem mainly with the VO package. Dan Y. is following up with Rob Q with expectation of new VO package release this week.</li>
      <li>Asked Chander for new =icecube= group of =osg= VO along with =Production= role. Also made request regarding GUMS template for Chander to pass on to Keith.</li>
      <li>Attended troubleshooting meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Eileen about wide-ranging user / site / support issues across the OSG.</li>
      <li>Spoke to Frank about how to approach email to Ewa.</li>
      <li>Sent email to Ewa.</li>
      <li>Dan has obtained and installed cert for FNAL OSG VOMS server -- must ask him to update at least a couple of FNAL configs to get Bruno going before package release.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Gratia</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/06/22</dt>
  <dt>2007/06/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Concurrent chats with Alain and Arvind about installing Gratia services.</li>
      <li>Several updates to Gratia services VDT install pages.</li>
      <li>Investigated large duplicate count and slow admin pages.</li>
      <li>Email with Penelope about her collector/DB instance.</li>
      <li>Phone conversation with Margherita about her collector/DB instance and working area.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reconfigured SSL test tomcat -- now works.</li>
      <li>Fixed locked table during Gratia schema upgrade.</li>
      <li>Fixed tomcat-qcd problem: trigger had not been updated.</li>
      <li> =configure-collector= now configures for SSL properly.</li>
      <li>Met with Margherita -- should now be up and running with SSL for roles development.</li>
      <li>Had to step in to relieve index trouble for Gratia instance; services are now up but they may remain locked until indexes are generated.</li>
      <li>Penelope wanted her own tomcat instance and DB schema: done, and updated docs and scripts to allow this to be done in the future by someone else.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fixed some remaining DB schema upgrade and local configuration issues found while trying to upgrade local services; updated release to 0.24.2.</li>
      <li>Worked with Margherita to get SSL going for Gratia services.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Helped Alain with PBS-LSF build issues on RH5 (gcc4.1).</li>
      <li>Worked on DB schema upgrade and local configuration issues.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email and chat with Alain about aspects of Gratia release.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Finish upgrading local install procedure; roll out to collectors starting Monday.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Some probe updates:
        <ul>
          <li>Fixed spelling of =metricRecord= in =Metric.py= (previously spelled =usageRecord=);</li>
          <li>Incorporated Shreyas' SGE changes;</li>
          <li>Fix URL problem in SGE probe README;</li>
          <li>Robustness improvements to Gratia.py.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Gratia services testing and updates:
        <ul>
          <li>DB maintenance now includes call-out to script to run SQL requiring DB root privilege.</li>
          <li>Installation instructions for VDT team.</li>
          <li>Fixed problems with =Probe= status table updating:
            <ul>
              <li>Renamed "<tt>jobs</tt>" column to, "<tt>nRecords</tt>."</li>
              <li> =nRecords= entries weren't getting updated because initial value was =null= and <tt>null + 1 = null</tt>.</li>
              <li>Bumped DB version and updated DB upgrade code to fix =nRecords=.</li>
              <li>Initial entry wasn't setting =currenttime= or =active=: now fixed.</li>
              <li>Bumped DB version and updated DB upgrade code to fix =currenttime= and =active=.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Released v0.24 and notified Alain.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Philippe about collector test-and-release strategy: should be able to test outside VDT sufficiently and hand off to Alain for packaging.</li>
      <li>Chat to Philippe about table structure -- OK for now, but will want descriptions out of main tables.</li>
      <li>Tested release on my instance: found and fixed problems with =build-summary-tables.sql= and =build-ps-node-summary-table.sql= to cope with schema changes.</li>
      <li>Attended Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Shreyas about missing updates to SGE probe and =Gratia.py=.</li>
      <li>Fixed problems with =Gratia.py= from Philippe's last updates -- completely broke the PBS/LSF probe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talked to Steve T: the latest RPMs don't have what I thought they had. Check. Luckily not released yet.</li>
      <li>Hadn't built the latest version of the probes. Done and out.</li>
      <li>Mail from Marcia about replacing a Monalisa plot of running jobs: Gratia can do it after the fact but we don't have a report for it yet; it would also be a slow report because it would have to go against =JobUsageRecord=, not a summary table.</li>
      <li>Worked more with Steve on probe RPMs. Should be ready to within some guidance on which probes need to know MAGIC_VDT_LOCATION.</li>
      <li>RPM build-and-publish script now generates yum headers for SL3 and derivatives.</li>
      <li>Probe installation page now has variable setting on main page instead of a hidden area.</li>
      <li>Tested gratia services release and local builds -- look okay _in vitro_, need to install -- tomorrow's task.</li>
      <li>Probe RPMs at v0.22d-4.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe about Gratia issues: need collector to Alain by Thursday -- much testing to do.</li>
      <li>Minor flap over Penelope's tests using production DB -- luckily, she hadn't started the collector which would have completely borked the DB.</li>
      <li>Discussed problem of OSG0.6.0 sites not reporting to Gratia at the troubleshooting meeting. correspondence with Anand later to fix typo in a link to the Gratia status page I gave in an email. Not sure what next steps are: will check in with Anand next time he contacts me.</li>
      <li>Talked to Dan about getting glexec probe rolled out; will ping Steve T. tomorrow about talking to Joe B.'s group.</li>
      <li>Back and forth with Anand and John R. about OSG0.6.0 sites not reporting to Gratia: Anand will work on a script to tie the OSG version to the status information and come up with a list of sites to ping.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Other</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/06/22</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Updated entry in SPIRES HEPNAMES.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~94 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 26 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Problem with network addresses -- "scheduled DHCP work, apparently."</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~72 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 20 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~77 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 20 work-related emails.</li>    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fielded question from Andy Romero about NetId ticket -- now closed.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~63 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 10 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~72 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 2 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~51 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 17 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~100 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 17 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~94 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 17 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More computer trouble, more wasted time. Opened hardware ticket and now everything seems OK. Keep an eye on it.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~63 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 12 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More computer trouble: half-hour futzing with reboots to get stable.</li>
      <li>Report for Operations meeting.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~80 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 11 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ForrestChristian
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 11 Jun 2007