%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229445464" format="1.1" version="1.24"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<h1>Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/06/25 - 2007/07/06</h1>
%TOC%

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

<h3>User Support</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/07/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Much back and forth on storage session.</li>
      <li>Some documentation infrastructure for site testing package.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Back and forth with Alain and Penelope over restaurant for Site admin meeting.</li>
      <li>Called Key Wester; waiting for callback.</li>
      <li>Spoke to Frank and canceled UG meeting.</li>
      <li>Mail from Preston about MPI offering to help; will point him to Leesa, John and Mats.</li>
      <li>Second call sent out to usual lists.</li>
      <li>Spruced up Indico list and added some info links; added VO affiliation field to registration.</li>
      <li>Sent talk requests to Andrew B. and Parag.</li>
      <li>Replied to Ruth and Frank, also asked Abhishek to do SRM talk.</li>
      <li>Mail to Preston.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Ted, Igor and Gabriele about storage session.</li>
      <li>Email proposal re storage session.</li>
      <li>Catch up with Steve T re yesterday's MB/farm problems.</li>
      <li>Asked Dave D. to talk in storage session.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions regarding OSG VO.</li>
      <li>Check on removal of Mark Green from OSG VO.</li>
      <li>Mail to Mats regarding CHEP demo</li>
      <li>Mail from Mats regarding non-reporting of sites to !ReSS; chased up FNAL_FERMIGRID.</li>
      <li>Attended troubleshooting meeting.</li>
      <li>More !MiniBooNE trouble, this time on farms: 
      <ul>
      <li>SDSS user causing havoc.</li>
      <li>One poison node still FSL3 (fnpc138); and</li>
      <li>One known poison node which is an FSL4 64-bit node missing 32-bit compatibility libraries.</li>
      </ul>Have advised them to get some failure management / automatic re-submission tools in place.</li>
      <li>Liaised with Burt and Mats to get Mats' Nebraska access problems fixed; still waiting for results of tests for Gratia reporting.</li>
      <li>Fixed log redirection in =gridSiteTest= and one or two other minor quirks; also did basic docs for script -- still need test and extension docs and examples.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email to Frank about !CompBio and Users' meeting.</li>
      <li>Update Indico site.</li>
      <li>Mail to Kent about LIGO contribution to Users' meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussion and email with Dan about OSG and !IceCube.</li>
      <li>Mail to Frank and gang about storage.</li>
      <li>To-do list on whiteboard.</li>
      <li>Commits of =osg-vo-tests= changes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Tweaked user survey table to tie things down a bit better.</li>
      <li>mailed Bruno about attending UG meeting.</li>
      <li>Chaired UG meeting.</li>
      <li> [[VOGroup][Minutes]] done and sent.</li>
      <li>Updated Indico session list, started adding contributions; complete tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Mail to Juan Carlos detailing procedure for joining VO with correct group and role, cc'd to Forrest.</li>
      <li>Chat to Forrest about abstracting information in email out to a useful doc somewhere.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Asked Anne about presentation -- received assent.</li>
      <li>Questions to =cd-sis=.</li>
      <li>UG meeting agenda on TWiki.</li>
      <li>UG Webex agenda now points to TWiki.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More !MiniBooNE grid trouble -- helped them diagnose disappearing grid-map alterations caused (apparently) by =cfengine=.</li>
      <li>Attended OSG Docs meeting.</li>
      <li>Asked STAR about UG meeting attendance Thursday.</li>
      <li>[[VOGroup][Updated talks contacts list]].</li>
      <li>Correspondence on =osg-general= about automatic notification of missing local accounts. Will need to follow up with Rob Q when it sinks in.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Asked Parag, Gabriele (for Tanya) and Igor about presentations -- received assent on all.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Gratia</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/07/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to ascertain what happened to the production server yesterday -- no idea.</li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fixed problem with collector for metrics and uploaded new release to Alain.</li>
      <li>Discussed collector installation with Arvind and obtained name of collectors to which to report.</li>
      <li>Talked to Alain about =PYTHONPATH= and =configure-osg.sh= considerations.</li>
      <li>Mailed Suchandra and Rob G. about =configure-osg.sh=.</li>
      <li>Answered question for John W about VOMS and Gratia.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe about Gratia metrics.</li>
      <li>Incorporate Arvind's changes and cut release 0.25 of services and probes, including new metric probe.</li>
      <li>Update Gratia release web pages.</li>
      <li>Verified that Nebraska is now correctly reporting the Engage VO.</li>
      <li>Chatted with Arvind about metric updates.</li>
      <li>Chatted with Alain about updates.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Checks for Burt H. on Nebraska / Engage; took a side trip to fix Engage's recent Nebraska access problems first; now waiting on results of job test.</li>
      <li>Mail to Horst about =ProbeConfig= updates for daily probes.</li>
      <li>'Phone call from Margherita; resolved quickly.</li>
      <li>Mail from Karthik about access to Gratia production DB -- misunderstanding, he doesn't need it; only access to =gratia_itb=.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Replied to mail from John R. about possible problems with AGLT2.</li>
      <li>Mail to John thanking for developments on VORS monitoring.</li>
      <li>To-do list on whiteboard.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe and John about duplicates, race conditions and =md5sum= index.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More work on services -- tested, fixed and fixed in VDT.</li>
      <li>Diagnosed MIT_CMS problem -- VDT/Condor environment mismatch.</li>
      <li>Attended Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Mail to G. Sharp, !FkW, GOC about availability of services in VDT.</li>
      <li>Added !GratiaServices to =osg-daily= as legacy support.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More work on ticket including gratia tmpfile repair script.</li>
      <li>Work with John and Alain on VDT gratia services install problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe over weekend problems with DB corruption and !DupRecord overload.</li>
      <li>Much work on =NWICG_NotreDame= ticket, including script to obtain diagnostics from remote site and work with Alain over apparent failure of =configure-osg.sh= and =configure_gratia= scripts.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

<h3>Other</h3>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/07/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~91 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 9 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~113 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 18 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email to Eileen about security and policy for disputes between users and "over-zealous" admins hiding behind the *Security* boogie-man.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~95 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 14 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/07/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~123 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 32 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~83 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 20 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/28</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Found and forwarded Intel CPU bug list -- purchasing decisions?</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~80 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 11 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/27</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~94 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 21 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/26</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read & kept ~96 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 22 work-related emails.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/06/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele -- catchup for previous two weeks also.</li>
      <li>Read & kept ~64 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Sent 6 work-related emails.</li>
      <li>Attended Grid meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ForrestChristian
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 25 Jun 2007