%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063759" format="1.1" version="1.15"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2009/12/07 - 2009/12/18.

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

<p style="font-weight: bold;">[ Sick leave 2009/12/15 ]</p>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>News from Andrea of completion of validation tests. Reply.</li>
      <li>Send another erroneously-assigned ticket back to service desk.</li>
      <li>Status update for Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Prepare and send text report for VO Forum meeting. Reply to follow-up question from Abhishek.</li>
      <li>Some back and forth with Andrea over FNAL_GPGRID vs FERMIGRIDOSG1 and on apparently low worker pressure.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Brian about Fly's Eye storage. 21TB for 1 year, shared between Omaha and Lincoln. He's checking with superiors.</li>
      <li>Respond to John A.'s request to give a status report at tomorrow's VO Forum.</li>
      <li id="CD" class="done">More discussion with Brian. Apparently Nebraska getting cold feet about a year's worth. Will need to either provide a request from EB, funding for equivalent HD cost or widen request across the OSG. Argh. Send email to Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM and 'phone call with Andrew Siemion of Fly's Eye about getting going with storage retrieval. Tanya is on vacation so talked to Ted.</li>
      <li>Read and send comments on !Geant4 validation proposal to Daniel Elvira _et al._ </li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>TGYRO call.</li>
      <li>Ask WB about non-standard character buffer init called out by compiler in !LSSTsim. Change my edits to do the right thing instead of another wrong thing.</li>
      <li>Respond to Engage user who needs to reconstruct a .p12 file from .pems in order to access her VOMRS registration.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Suggest addition to agenda for Engage 'phone meeting this morning.</li>
      <li>Send email to Alberto asking for progress report. Receive emails from Alberto and Andrea. Reply.</li>
      <li>Approve Albert Everett's Engage VOMRS membership application.</li>
      <li>Check status of outstanding Remedy ticket.</li>
      <li>'Phone meeting with Mats, John M., Gabriele. Agree to regular meetings starting in Jan.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Give details of OIM registration page with !DOEgrids requirement to Rob Q. so he can fix it.</li>
      <li>Get login access fixed on fnpcsrv564. Get subversion access on fnpcsrvX systems. Compile !LSSTsim on all four systems. Get quota on fnpcsrvX increased from 2 to 10GB. Document and fix most egregious programming errors. Send email to Bo documenting progress and asking for execution instructions.</li>
      <li>Chat to Gabriele, and mail to Doug O. to expedite Anne White's !DOEgrids application.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Forward Fly's Eye answers to Tanya.</li>
      <li>Report to production meeting. Lower than usual engage throughput. Initial assumption was due to busy sites, but Burt says CMS T1 has been light lately, and number of Engage jobs matching has dropped. Will talk to Mats.</li>
      <li>Schedule meeting for Thu 10am with Mats and John M.</li>
      <li class="done">Call from Abhishek re possible indications of failed G4 jobs at several sites. Check in with Alberto.</li>
      <li>Reply to Albert Everett, new Engage user, on finer points of logging in to engage-submit.</li>
      <li>Reply to Andrew S. of Fly's Eye with more questions and some ideas on how to proceed. Response, reply.</li>
      <li>Email to Albert Everett with link to instructions on getting certificate, running on OSG.</li>
      <li>Complain to Alain about apparent requirement to have particularly a DOE certificate in order to contribute to the OSG TWiki -- TWiki registration now requires OIM registration in addition to an email requesting a TWiki account. OIM registration page specifies a DOE certificate is required for registration in OIM. Alain emailed Rob asking about certificate access to TWiki instead of separate registration.</li>
      <li>Mail to Bo Xin clarifying an earlier question.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to find local LBNE representative to discuss OSG. Eventually find one, send email to Regina Rameika. Send contact details to Erik Gottschalk, who asked.</li>
      <li>Chat to Steve T. about FORTRAN compilers for build platforms: no progress installing yet or fixing my access to fnpcsrv564 due to other fires.</li>
      <li class="done">Read email from Daniel E. containing G4 validation framework design proposal. Printed out to read.</li>
      <li>Look for Symphony message mentioned by Gabriele. Not found again. Gabriele will search.</li>
      <li>Forward Ian S. minutes to sharepoint.</li>
      <li>Send questions to Fly's Eye bcc: sharepoint.</li>
      <li>Set up LSST subgroup and OIM / Gratia reporting. Instructions to Bo bcc: sharepoint.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>At Brian B. request, remove duplicated summary data from OSG production collector caused last month by probe name change.</li>
      <li>Alter DB optimization script to use =OPTIMIZE LOCAL TABLE= instead of =mysqlcheck --optimize= to keep commands out of binary log. Start time test on gr10x5. Discussions with Dan.</li>
      <li id="CD">Check current outstanding !FermiGrid tickets.</li>
      <li id="CD">Talk to Rob K. about current challenges for new grid mu2e users. Bob is having trouble following basic grid user docs. Offered to sit down with him to ascertain problems and improve documentation.</li>
      <li>Follow progress of optimization script. Restart due to lost network connection / login.</li>
      <li>FermiGrid group meeting and status report for Keith.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Diagnose heartbeat problem on gr10x5 and gr11x5 with Farooq and Dan. Vestigial incomplete LSV configuration was interfering with HB. Fixed.</li>
      <li id="CD">Answer query from Steve about Bob B. ticket. Steve will resolve.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Help Dan with DB integrity problem in CDF VOMS.</li>
      <li id="CD">Cross-training meeting.</li>
      <li id="CD">Talk to Rob Kutschke about VOMRS notification subscriptions. Mail to Bob B. Assign ticket to me. Follow up on ticket and email.</li>
      <li>Handle reporting on RSV Gratia probe -- working fine, it's telling them that RSV is not working, which is true. Resolved Remedy ticket.</li>
      <li id="CD">Check status of outstanding tickets.</li>
      <li id="CD">Help Dan with cpio command syntax.</li>
      <li id="CD">Help Dan with shutdown and reboot of gratia10/11 and xens. xens did not all come up, possibly due to lack of space for saves under =/var/lib/xen/save=.</li>
      <li id="CD">Respond to Robert Engel on LIGO problem with forwarding gateway.</lil>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Primary -- check open tickets. Follow up with Rob Kutschke to make sure he was happy with his reply on his mu2e ticket. He had a followup question re Bob Bernstein -- gave quick advice and said to mail if further trouble.</li>
      <li id="CD">Try and fail to come up with a composite query to catch 'FermiGrid Support' and 'SCF/GF/FGS'. Argh.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Dan about HB results from yesterday.</li>
      <li id="CD">Talk to Farooq about new myproxy install on gt1x5 without disrupting existing VDT 1.10.1 dir.</li>
      <li>Fermigrid group meeting and status report.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check status of outstanding Remedy tickets.</li>
      <li>Check HB operation with operating collector. Collector did not respond as expected due to incorrect exception handling.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More migration discussion and questions.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Faarooq on heartbeat.</li>
      <li>Fix site name translation for one of John's test nodes as pointed out by Gratia RSV probe. Yay!</li>
      <li>Shut down collector DB updates to allow DB reboots for new kernel. Check collector response after collector reboot.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt to get Brian to pick up on 7718 since Arvind has punted on what is *probably* an RSV problem by claiming it's specific to the probe.</li>
      <li id="CD">Reply on Fermigrid ticket forwarded from OSG for LIGO -- attempting to run a script by specifying bash as the exec and script as the argument -- does not work on a forwarding GK where the WN has a different OS to the forwarding GK because the bash exec is picked up from the forwarding GK and will not run on the WN.</li>
      <li>More chat with Dan on migration: ask Faarooq to install heartbeat on gr1[01]x5.</li>
      <li>Install collectors on gr1[01]x0. Waiting for heartbeat before activation.</li>
      <li>Mail on Steve T. / Suchandra thread on OSG update instructions -- discrepancy between easily-findable instructions and instructions necessary to update OSG 1.2. Suchandra agrees to clarify instructions.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Discussion on NTP / Xen / KVM.</li>
      <li>More discussion with Dan about optimization tests and safe scheme. Mail some items to Dan for further configuration.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Dan on instructions for getting sites to stop using generic names (caught by LVS) and use gratia-osg-prod, gratia-osg-transfer, etc, etc instead. Check update instructions with Suchandra.</li>
      <li>Bounce osg-transfer housekeeping again. Not actually sure if we're converging!</li>
      <li>Investigate mysql-zrm installation and config on gr10x5. Apparently the latest version of mysql-zrm removed the hostname from the subject line. Argh.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Commit remaining uncommitted fixes to HEAD. Merge to branch. Cut new release. Install / test on gr10x0.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Dan and Philippe over performance on gr10x0 -- possibly not up to expectation but conditions not sufficiently controlled to be sure.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Complete work on fix for exception handling in !RecordProcessor by making sure that file or record is written to quarantine if it can't be thrown into !DupRecord.</li>
      <li>Carefully examine c3p0 connection pool configuration and behavior of replication pump and of certificate checking under DB outage -- no changes necessary.</li>
      <li>Test on gr10x0 including running c3p0 in stale-connection-checking mode to check for connections not returned to the pool.</li>
      <li>Respond to Brian B. question about condor probe operation. Answer question on how to fill in data loss caused by PER_JOB_HISTORY_DIR misconfiguration -- get list of job numbers from condor_history with "C" status, then put output of =condor_history -long= into correctly named files in =gratia/var/data=.
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Field questions from Karthik on development and test for BIGINT fix.</li>
      <li>Help Karthik with problems reproducing this morning's OIM parsing failure with rungratia.sh -- looks like it's been fixed.</li>
      <li>Discussion over config.ini / resource / resource_group silliness with John W.</li>
      <li>Start working on fix to exception handling problem when DB goes away.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to John W. about RSV probe improvements.</li>
      <li>Chat to Philippe about exception-handling fix.</li>
      <li>Update RSV probe TWiki documentation. IM with Scot K to let him know the documentation actually exists.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to John W. about his gratia RSV probe ticket. Need to add a real count of pending files including contents of tar files. Also give a yellow in case of oldest record in gratiafiles area is too old.</li>
      <li>Investigate CREAM. Talk to Tony. Will need to investigate, but at a minimum we'd have to find a new way of obtain FQAN (and DN for non-Condor LRMS).</li>
      <li>Question from Nirmal about emailed reports on LQCD SE. Will try to get to soon.</li>
      <li>Conclude discussion with Philippe on best fix for DB-down exception handling.</li>
      <li>Update gratia-probe-config-helper (RSV probe) to cope with archived files and directory hierarchy in gratiafiles. Attempt to commit to SVN -- fail. Reply to OSG ticket and Scot k with patch.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Question from Philippe re CREAM / OSG / Gratia.</li>
      <li>Preliminary discussion with Philippe on best fix for DB-down exception handling.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Ben Sterrett with apology and details of hoops he has to jump through to be able to contribute documentation on Gratia BOINC probe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>News from Scot K. re VDT packaging of probes and services. Suggest John W., Brian B., Horst, Arvind as possible testers.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log.</li>
      <li>Time card, including new reporting codes. Had to switch codes on three time cards because apparently one can't delete a time-card and re-copy.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/17</dt>
  <dt>2009/12/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log.</li>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Gabriele on priorities for this week.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Time card. Work log. Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Deal with more mis-assigned tickets. Argh.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch up.</li>
      <li>Dept lunch.</li>
      <li>Talk to Eileen about yesterday's badly-routed tickets.</li>
      <li>Hand a new badly-routed ticket. Discuss with Gabriele before assigning.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
      <li>Some more contact organization (ongoing).</li>
      <li>Redirect two badly-routed tickets. Talk to Elizabeth C. and Tom B.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attempt (again) to get my name removed from the email list for failed CDF compiles of the rcp package. Following the instructions is not possible. Put in JIRA tickets.</li>
      <li>Service desk cross training.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Lee L. query on Cygwin / !PuTTY / etc.</li>
      <li>Mac software updates.</li>
      <li>Email and contact organization (incomplete).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email catch-up, work log, time card.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele and Philippe.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
      <li>Help Steve with problem accessing FTL higher functions from my Mac -- no luck for him here either, although we did get further.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 07 Dec 2009