%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985964" format="1.1" version="1.13"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/11/12 - 2007/11/23

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/11/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Dan and Keith on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS trouble; VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS servers will be restarted every 24h until problem is fixed.</li>
      <li>Emailed bug tracking details to Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Help Lynn Garren with getting started on TWiki.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Ruth on OSG metrics.</li>
      <li>Mail with Alan Sill trying to fix OSG support on TTU-ANTAEUS.</li>
      <li>Mail to GOC trying to kick-start discussion of increasing OSG-VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo support.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More investigations into VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS / VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS; needed to change command call method to avoid being crippled as output size increased.</li>
      <li>Looked at VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS logs -- useless, because VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS is prone to stop logging on a whim. So, will need to pull what we can from Gratia.</li>
      <li>Talk to Alain about GRAM, etc.</li>
      <li>Text report, from time immemorial, by week, for OSG VO.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Finish release documentation for Rob G.</li>
      <li>Sent email to Keith for permissions on =voms.fnal.gov=.</li>
      <li class="done">Explorations in VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS DB; need query to show all users, and maybe one or two other useful queries.</li>
      <li>Put together an all-purpose query for getting information out of the VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMRS database.</li>
      <li>Received email from Ruth about NERSC metrics: need to reply.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fixed problem with =CondorGTest=: exec names changed to prevent tripping over Condor cache problems.</li>
      <li>Further conversation with Eileen; discussion will move forward to OSE meeting.</li>
      <li>Talked to Keith about VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS metrics: they won't really mean much since they won't be correlated to actual jobs. Will be able to spot =voms-proxy-init= commands, but won't spot actual job autorizations, and (of course) won't spot users who just get a =grid-proxy= instead of a =voms-proxy=.</li>
      <li>Canceled OSG UG meetings for tomorrow and next week.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Arrange to meet Ruth at 3pm, my office.</li>
      <li>Fix remaining problems with nightly test publishing.</li>
      <li>More correspondence on srmcp.</li>
      <li>Done ReleaseDocumentation.AccountingServices for Rob G; pushed ReleaseDocumentation.GratiaSiteCollector to John W.</li>
      <li>Problems with =srmcp= tests in nightly test set; added retry limit and try again.</li>
      <li>Sent email to Mats and Maxim abut NERSC.</li>
      <li>Talked with !MiniBooNE about upcoming challenges for them and possible plans; plan not to disturb status quo, no immediate interest in !GlideinWMS. Possibility for later if things change.</li>
      <li>Talked with Ruth:
      <ul><li>more emphasis on VirtualOrganizations/VOInfoMS metrics and Gratia accounting reports; less on OSG site tests;</li>
          <li class="done">want to have some metrics by Friday if possible;</li>
          <li class="todo">re-visit !IceCube; talk to Greg Thain.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li class="todo">Talked to Burt: new non-HEP VO, wants OSG User Group to help get registered on OSG and increase support. Will ask for more details.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Eileen B., Keith C., Tim Silvers of GOC and group meeting about Fermigrid revocation procedure; also emails.</li>
      <li>Short discussion with Ted about srmcp.</li>
      <li>Questions to Doug Olson about !DOEGrids policy w.r. "random numbers" in DN and revocation. Reply forwarded to Keith and Eileen.</li>
      <li>Close out Helpdesk ticket on srmcp / fermilab problem.</li>
      <li>More correspondence with Alain and Ted on srmcp.</li>
      <li>Attempt to fix minor problem with publishing of nightly test results.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/11/21</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More work on packaging of dCache probe.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Add automatic stoppage of DB updates to tomcat shutdown script.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/20</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Emails with Penelope about last-minute problems with pre-release.</li>
      <li>Work with Steve Timm on d0cab* problem: traced to temporary file naming convention: after many files have been written to the gratiafiles area, they must all be stat-ed in order to write the new one. Fixed in =Gratia.py=.</li>
      <li>Phone with John W. and trouble-shooting upgrades.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe.</li>
      <li>IM with Arvind answering minor questions.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="done">Report from Steve T. about slow reporting on d0cab*. Initial investigation rules out problems with continual reconnects; however there's a possibility that every file in one or both of the temporary directories is being stat-ed for every record attempt. More investigation needed.</li>
      <li>Discussions with John W. and fix-up of release procedure for tomorrow.</li>
      <li class="todo">Work on packaging of dCache probe; auxiliary packages done, finish actual dCache packages tomorrow.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talked to Philippe about conversation with Lee.</li>
      <li>Attended Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li> =post-install.sh= extended to do automatic overlay of hand-optimized stored procedure during install.</li>
      <li>Replied to ISUHEP ticket.</li>
      <li>Investigation of production gratia hangup -- unable to determine exact cause; restarted.</li> 
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Finished work on =DupRecord= =TableStatistics=.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe: need document describing case for !InnoDB.</li>
      <li>Talked to Lee Leuking about !MySQL and !InnoDB: his group uses !InnoDB for all their needs. Raised the possibility of using replication in place of hot backup (apparently negligible performance hit); also offered technical help (at least three experts on WH/9/W) as necessary.</li>
      <li>From meeting with Ruth, talked about !InnoDB.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe about priorities for this week.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John W. about items for !InnoDB conversion procedure doc: hand-loading of tweaked stored procedure; and skipping of upgrade (ie straight copying to gratia07, no collector upgrade) of ps-accounting and daily DBs due to lack of Birt2.2 reports.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Penelope about parameter frame.</li>
      <li>Investigation and discussions with Philippe over strange error messages in !InnoDB collector logs; due to copied triggers having DEFINER as set from when they were installed on gratia09 before the backup occurred. Solution is to:<pre>update SystemProplist set cdr = 0 where binary car like '%Version';</pre>to trigger a full update of all auxiliary information.</li>
      <li>Set up replication from QCD collector to !InnoDB test collector.</li>
      <li class="done">Re-worked =TableStatistics= table structure and initialization to include information specific to error type in =DupRecord=; still need to add mechanism to =DupRecordTrigger= and to =Statistics.java=.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/11/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Attended department meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Chuck Morrison, Eileen and Group meeting about lab security incident last Thursday.</li>
      <li>Report (including Ops-related items) for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 12 Nov 2007