%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1194997873" format="1.1" version="1.12"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2007/10/29 - 2007/11/09

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/11/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Agenda for OSG UG Meeting.</li>
      <li>Held OSG UG meeting; typed up minutes.</li>
      <li class="todo">Reviewed and edited Gratia Validation page for Rob G (documentation). One more page to do.</li>
      <li>Attended OSG site admins' meeting to talk about user problems: long discussion of what VORS is for in terms of advertised and / or provided support. Resolved to set up a committee.</li>
      <li>More site-tests work:
      <ul><li>publish script now works non-remote copy so it should work internally on =fnpcsrv1=; scheduled for nightly.</li>
          <li>New feature "multi-match" to results to replace earlier imperfect attempt to guess from the structure of the match clause.</li>
          <li class="todo">Almost-working "--remake-summary" option to re-do results without re-doing the work to get there. Will need to implement a more intelligent restore in some of the modules. More thought needed.</li>
          <li>Fixed problem with regex in =srmcp= test.</li>
          <li>Re-ordered OSG tests to cut out doomed-to-fail-but-only-after-a-very-long-time =globus-url-copy= attempts.</li>
          <li>Re-ordered results columns in summary page to match test order instead of random hash order.</li>
          <li class="todo">Will need to clean up old directories in AFS area to avoid clutter.</li>
          <li class="done">Still need to fix: nightly script is not removing old dir before executing new tests.</li>
          <li class="todo">More stuff in logbook.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Yet more correspondence with Alain on =srmcp=.</li>
      <li>Conversation with Margaret, emails with Steve about =kcron= problem; email to Troy.</li>
      <li>Announcement of minutes on list.</li>
      <li>Synopsis of last three meetings to EB.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail with Ruth about meeting next week.</li>
      <li>More mail with Alain and Ted about =srmcp= config changes.</li>
      <li>Work on site testing scripts, including improvements to nightly test script and srmcp test script.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Diagnosed SRM put problems (in FNAL VO) with Dmitri Litvinsev; fixed.</li>
      <li>Ticket #4285 with GOC on discrepancies between OSG site support advertisement and actuality.</li>
      <li>Reply on #4285 from GOC indicating they didn't want to put individual tickets in; replied trying to convince them otherwise. Will mention Thursday.</li>
      <li>Running into trouble publishing site test data to AFS due to =kcron= / =ssh= funnies: set to linux-users. Reply from Steve with suggestion; checked, and not the problem.</li>
      <li>More email with Alain and Ted on =srmcp= config change.</li>
      <li class="todo">Report to ITB list of =voms-proxy-init= behavior change, meaning KCA proxies always exit with value 1 even though obtaining the proxy may have been successful. Will have to put extra logic in =grid-init=.</li>
      <li class="todo">Attended Grid Coordination meeting. Talk about drumming up guinea p^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hearly adopters for !GlideInWMS; will talk to !MiniBooNE and Chander.</li>
      <li class="done">Can't catch up with Richard and Steve until next week: Tuesday.</li>
      <li class="todo">Talked with Alex and Vladimir about problem with =srmcp= resolving fndca1 from behind a firewall even though nslookup works; will try actual rather than aliased name, followed by IP.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Replied to Doug Olson's questions about OSG VO.</li>
      <li>Work on OSG site tests and automatic testing. Included SRM tests.</li>
      <li>Mails to helpdesk regarding SE support for Engage and lack of working SRM to volatile in =fermilab= VO.</li>
      <li> =gridSiteTest= now produces correct, validated XHTML.</li>
      <li>Control scripts are more modular and pluggable -- more reuse across different scripts.</li>
      <li class="todo">Nightly tests in OSG VO configured; tickets will follow tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Sent OSG site test results page to Rob G. for inclusion in Thursday's site meeting agenda.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Doug about Franklin at NERSC. Ask for CE ASAP to take maximum advantage of un-billed time.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Matt C. and reply to Keith's announcement of FNAL response to OSG revocation test.</li>
      <li>[[#I_20071101_UG_Minutes][Put Maxim's minutes up]] on UG !TWiki.</li>
      <li>Updated [[Documentation.AppInstallConfig][VO application install]] and sent Anne email about [[Documentation.AppAdminBestPractices][best practices page]].</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discuessd srmcp (separately) with Gabriele and Ted. Ted to talk to Miron this afternoon.</li>
      <li>Gave Alain an update. Discussion with Ted, Alain (including via IM) and Alex about =srm-v2-client=, which is apparently passive by default.</li>
      <li class="done" id="I_20071101_UG_Minutes">Missed User Group meeting in favor of department lunch. Maxim took minutes; need to upload.</li>
      <li>Sent email to Shreyas and Doug asking about the chances of getting franklin on the OSG in short order.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/31</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth and Mine:
      <ul><li>Discussed registration workflow document, including renewals. Mine to make required alterations.</li>
          <li class="todo">Metrics for OSG VO: VOMS, Gratia reports, site tests.</li>
          <li class="done">Push =srmcp= issue to Ted.</li></ul></li>
      <li>Sent email to Paul !LeBrun plugging =grid-init= after investigating =UNSUBMITTED= problem. Supplemental conversations with Paul and Lynn</li>
      <li>More correspondence with Ted on =srmcp=.</li>
      <li class="done">Correspondence from Doug asking security questions about OSG VO.</li>
      <li>Weighed in on OSE / AFS question on =fermigrid-security-discuss=.</li>
      <li>Conversation and IM with Tanya about VOMRS funnies.</li>
      <li>Asked Alain about access to a firewalled WN -- didn't know of any offhand.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Replied to email from Alain about =srmcp=.</li>
      <li>Published Engage and OSG VO site test results and notified Marcia that the article's links should now work.</li>
      <li>Reported lack of authorization on BNL sites under OSG VO.</li>
      <li class="done">Received email from Anne about [Documentation.AppInstallConfig][VO application install]] and sent Anne email about [[Documentation.AppAdminBestPractices][best practices]] pages.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail from Ruth wanting meeting on OSG workflow: Wed 4pm.</li>
      <li>Reported problem with VORS advertisement of OSG VO support; fixed later that day.</li>
      <li>Put together an =osg-vo-test= control script for site tests for the OSG VO; and updated test results for Engage and OSG.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/11/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mailed Gratia group announcing version info in config file.</li>
      <li>Attended OSG site admins' meeting to get feedback on Gratia suite. Comments about slow queries and locked tables. Rob G asked for a cumulative stacked line graph showing usage by VO over a particular period. Also wants ability to get reports by calendar month.</li>
      <li>Forwarded email from Kyle to Gratia list.</li>
      <li>Fixed [[Accounting.ContactUs][ContactUs]] page.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Conversation with GOC about procedure for notifying Gratia of resource changes, and which ones to notify.</li>
      <li>Attended (long) Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Mechanism to update =service-configuration.properties= file with released versions to allow use by Penelope in reporting code.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Fixed a couple of table problems (conversion to !InnoDB failed due to bad file ownership by root).</li>
      <li>Let Diana know conversion is complete on =gratia07=.</li>
      <li>Resource name change: GRASE-CCR-U2 was changed to NYSGRID-CCR-U2.</li>
      <li class="todo">Replied to Diana re problems with DB on Gratia: copy in to =gratia07= doesn't remove old files first, can cause trouble: ask Steve to change backup procedure.</li>
      <li>Conversation Don H. about QCD accounting requirements.</li>
      <li>Conversations with Philippe about Gratia requirements from OSG and way forward.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone, IM and in-person discussions with John W. about JDK setup; fixed minor problem with setup script.</li>
      <li>'Phone discussions with Jeff over problems with reports.</li>
      <li>IMs with Philippe over the best way to introduce compression and archiving of XML files as an alternative to saving them in the DB.</li>
      <li>'Phone conversations and work with Diana on !InnoDB backup tests:
      <ul><li>Installed RPM version of !MySQL server; fought with "safe" config and user specification.</li>
          <li>Copied DBs.</li>
          <li>Connected collector and updated DB.</li>
          <li>Deactivated Replication table (should be part of procedure).</li>
          <li>Set up replication from ITB DB to provide backup material.</li>
          <li>Sent FYI to =cdpsg-admin= list.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Reminded Rob G. about Gratia slot on site meeting agenda.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Sent mail to Penelope asking how to set up a test instance to use frames.</li>
      <li>Help Diana resolve !MySQL DB / memory configuration issues on =gratia07= -- turned out to be solved by removing =ib*= files.</li>
      <li>Helped John W. diagnose replication parsing problem. Short term triage applied; long term fix needs to be on WBS.</li>
      <li>Looked at new ticket <a class="private" href="http://127.0.0.1:4664/search?q=ISSUE%3D4275&flags=68&num=50&s=S400mq7i-oy3Kfq-l4ri7nu-Rok">ticket #4275</a>; forwarded to =grid-accounting= for Jeff and Penelope to see.</li>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe about XML and !InnoDB.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigated temporary gratia outage with Philippe.</li>
      <li>IM with Suchandra discussing whether GLEXEC probe questions should be auto-answered by CE install (no).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/31</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Converted Philippe's suggested new query into a stored procedure and uploaded to ITB and production collectors.</li>
      <li>Alain discovered a problem with automatic activation of PBS, LSF and SGE probes; fixed in OSG cache.</li>
      <li>Received Dcache storage (as opposed to transfer) probe from Greg Sharp. Spoke with Alain about third-party python libraries and packaging options.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Replied to Alain's email (following IM) asking about services release for VDT; also asked about remaining config problems on probes.</li>
      <li>Asked for discussion of !MySQL distribution on production servers.</li>
      <li>Made services release for VDT: made it into VDT 1.8.1b.</li>
      <li>Fielded question from Tim Cartwright about =ProbeConfig=.</li>
      <li>Responded to Ruth's problem with selected VOs list.</li>
      <li class="done">Asked Steve T. to obtain and install host/http certs on =gratiax11=.</li>
      <li>Replied to Eileen's email asking for new links to reports.</li>
      <li>Reproduced Ruth's problem with Safari. Listed several serious HTML errors for correction by Penelope.</li>
      <li>Responded to slow query criticism from Ruth; discussed ideas with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Closed ticket #4119.</li>
      <li>Fielded question from Steve T. about lack of new probe RPMS.</li>
      <li>Asked Alain via IM for URL for pacman source: http://physics.bu.edu/pacman/sample_cache/tarballs/.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with Eileen and Paul Avery about problems with reporting interface.</li>
      <li>Continuing delays with upgrade: established relief reporting service. Had to restart server mid-upgrade after last of the long upgrades to re-establish JDBC connection.</li>
      <li>Two more entries for the to do list:
      <ul><li class="todo">Armor JDBC connections intelligently against transient failures.</li>
          <li class="todo">Make replication handle server outages nicely the same way probes do.</li></ul></li>
      <li>Notified GOC and =osg-general= of completed upgrade.</li>
      <li>Investigated lack of reporting on QCD; fixed problem with new VDT installation on =kaon2=.</li>
      <li>Email to Penelope with suggestions on attacking IE7 / frames problem.</li>
      <li>IM from Steve about rebooting =gratia01=.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2007/11/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="todo">Conversation with Eileen: wants 1-2 line OSG update for Ops meeting each week; and some kind of basic analysis of usage reports eg, "is record." Also some totals by day, week etc by VO. Need to pass some of this to Philippe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Asked Gabriele and signed up for !JavaScript / AJAX training January (3 days).</li>
      <li>Signed up by Gabriele for secure coding course in January (2 days).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More correspondence re department lunch.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Started making preliminary arrangements for the next department lunch.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/11/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Department lunch.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Report to Gabriele.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2007/10/29</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 31 Oct 2007