%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063759" format="1.1" version="1.8"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2009/08/03 - 2009/08/14.

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Ruth and Gabriele.</li>
      <li>More work with TG -- 200 jobs go through just fine.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Meeting with Julie Yarba on G4.</li>
      <li>'Phone meeting with Anand and Keith. Send out notes.</li>
      <li>Deal with consequences of !BlueArc storm. Try to get Phil and Parag running on D0.</li>
      <li>Start running scaling tests on TG again.</li>
      <li>'Phone meeting with Iter. Prepare by running on engage-submit.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Advice from Steve -- USER environment variable is not available on all systems.</li>
      <li>Forward Cactus email to Ruth.</li>
      <li>Work with Gabriele to try to get set up for D0 tests at the back end of the week. Parag should be able to do something Thu.</li>
      <li>Arrange 'phone meeting with Keith and Anand for Thu.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Forward Anand's list of container errors to Steve for comment -- possible physical memory issues?</li>
      <li>Work with Anand to try to get something going on TG.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Marcia _et al._ on ciber.com request.</li>
      <li>Reply to Doru regarding upgrade to NCSA gateway.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Phil.</li>
      <li>More attempts to get things going. Argh.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check-in email with Cactus</li>
      <li>ITER status for Gabriele, including research into what I actually did.</li>
      <li>Compile patch and send to Jeff.</li>
      <li>Try to get NCSA to tune their GT4 GRAM.</li>
      <li>Work with Gabriele to try to get someone at RENCI to find Jeff's missing application for engage-submit.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More attempts to get Parag and Phil going. Failed -- certs have been removed from grid mapfile, apparently.</li>
      <li>Chat to Chander about Catcus.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Minutes from TG meeting. Correction from Steve.</li>
      <li>Attempt to get TG problem resolved.</li>
      <li>NERSC allocation report for Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>TG meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussions on TG problems -- mail to gateways list.</li>
      <li>100 job test successful again -- 1K jobs knocks it over.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More correspondence with Xin, Brian. Debugging.</li>
      <li>Fermigrid meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Forward kernel security info to fermigrid-ops.</li>
      <li>IM and investigations with Brian regarding possible problems with grid-ftp probe at Ultralight.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More correspondence with Xin. Slow.</li>
      <li>Re-format CV to NSF specs and forward.</il>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigations and correspondence with Brian and Xin on osg-transfer problems at BNL.</li>
      <li>FYI to John W. regarding XML reprocessing.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Ticket with GLOW system generated by email report -- send instructions on what to change where.</li>
      <li>Email update to osg-sites on PBS bundling problem.</li>
      <li>Examine large amounts of XML to determine what needs to be fed back into the system after the bundling problem was fixed. Three sites (total about 25K files):
           <ul><li>Purdue-Steele</li><li>T3_US_Vanderbilt</li><li>UCHC_CBG</li></ul></li>
      <li>Arrange with Steve to get more disk space on gratia01 for XML investigations.</li>
      <li>Report from Brian regarding possible race conditions in admin security and lack of SQL scrubbing.</li>
      <li>IM with Brian regarding BNL and renaming unsent misconfigured records for reprocessing.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More investigation of missing records from Purdue-Steele, including IM with Brian and logs / config file. Finally identified as a collector bug introduced by Philippe -- bundled PBS records are not being recognized.</li>
      <li>FGCAB; install new release on all collectors.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Eval for Farooq Lowe.</li>
      <li>Check in with Elizabeth to make sure we weren't missing any FP tickets. We're not.</li>
      <li>Investigate missing records from Purdue-Steele. Initially (mis-)identified as a problem with their probe configuration.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/05</dt>
  <dt>2009/08/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence with FP and remedy tickets for UC contact list problem -- problem with their list config.</li>
      <li id= "CD">Interview with Farooq Lowe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/03</dt>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Recommend upgrade of RSV collector to 1.04 to handle bundled records better. Correspondence with Soichi.</li>
      <li>Release 1.04.4 to VDT and ask for upgrade.</li>
      <li>Work with Scot and Soichi on RSV collector problems. Help then get rsb-itb working . Provide temporary test collector for Scot's tests of new RSV probe release including fix for !PyOpenSSL problems.</li>
      <li>Answer question from Nirmal regarding whether old files on LQCD system still wanted -- no.</li>
      <li>IM with Philippe over probe bundling release history.</li>
      <li>IM with Brian on RSV problems -- apparently RSV timeout is incompatible with Gratia timeout -- something needs to change.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/13</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Carl L. problem regarding !PyOpenSSL -- advise VDT ticket.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Answer questions from Mine regarding VO and site reports. Send example reports.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work with Tanya to set up for their rebuild of probes. Check configurations. Fix minor problem in spec file and re-cut.</li>
      <li>IM with Philippe regarding meeting and possible truncation.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>IM from Brian asking about Torque and processor specifications.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work with Philippe to fix collector bug. Keep John in the loop. Also incorporate further fixes for log-related crashes and index fixes already applied as a standalone patch.</li>
      <li>Tag, cut, test, integration-test.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/06</dt>
  <dt>2009/08/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Restart collector because of recurrence of log crash. Mail Karthik.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Discussion with John.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Question from Steve about VMs on gratia02.</li>
      <li>Catch up with John.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Catch up with Philippe.</li>
      <li>Help Alain ascertain whether a particular problem was RSV's or Gratia's -- RSV.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/08/14</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Received call regarding FTL: need to re-enter reporting lines from scratch, apparently.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/13</dt>
  <dt>2009/08/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Visit Kirk to attempt AV connection -- failed again.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More attempts to connect to Sophos AV. Emails with screenshots to Kirk.</li>
      <li>Bureaucracy for Eileen.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Time card and worklog. More timecard screwups.</li>
      <li>New ITNA from Gabriele including computer room training.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/07</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Property pass bureaucracy for E6500.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/06</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mac AV / keyboard / mouse problems.</li>
      <li>Install OOo and get docs from old HD to find previous interview eval.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/05</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Cancel req -- Keith will pro-card.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Retire D820 IP from node database.</li>
      <li>Fight with MISER over warranty extension for E6500.</li>
      <li>(Mostly) finish catching up with email.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/08/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>laptop tag numbers for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele</li>
      <li>Meeting.</li>
      <li>Attempt to catch up with email.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 03 Aug 2009