%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1232725177" format="1.1" version="1.24"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2008/12/08 - 2008/12/19

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/19</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Send PNNL email to Eileen for pointers for next time.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Eileen to get some ideas for Engagement.</li>
      <li>'Phone meeting with Ruth, Mats and John M. Action items:
      <ul class="done"><li>Me to send materials science app details and status to sharepoint.</li>
          <li>Mats to send me David's code and stuff.</li>
          <li>Me to investigate !MeDICI and evaluate possibilities as PNNL and wider OSG.</li>
          <li>Local installation of matchmaker from sourceforge.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Lunch meeting with Chris Holland of ITER. Probably not much scope for collaboration, as most of their stuff is MPI. Already using NERSC/franklin.</li>
      <li>Attend Chris Holland's fusion seminar.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Arrange phone conversation on NREL with Ruth, Mats, John M.</li>
      <li>Try to get access restored on audiobridge -- reasons for lockout unknown.</li>
      <li>Get into audiobridge. Set up conference for tomorrow.</li>
      <li>Review NREL info: sysAdmin is Hummel. Technical / experimenter is Christopher Chang. !PostDoc Daniel Alber was also porting something. No news from him since 10/6. One to watch out for is Marshall Buhl, who (John's assessment) is more interested in controlling large amounts of money and computer power than conserving Government resources.</li>
      <li>Look further at Mats' stuff on engage-submit.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Gabriele about Iter prospects -- meet for lunch Wed.</li>
      <li>Submit another test job to NERSC to test FQAN patch.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Interactive meeting with Mats going over use of matchmaker and submitting jobs from Engage. Also technical difficulties of getting input staged, etc on MPI systems that only accept exec as main MPI job.</li>
      <li>'Phone chat with John M. More attempts to connect on IM. Failed. Discussion of PNNL and NREL. Some names. mooted idea of 'phone meeting with Ruth et al next week.</li>
      <li>Investigate reporting of NERSC MPI job -- does *not* carry nCPU information -- ask Chris Green to investigate why.</li>
      <li>Mail to Shreyas detailing first experiences and some possible Gratia problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Mats about trying to contact John. Will wait for John to get out of a meeting.</li>
      <li>Arrange session with Mats tomorrow on matchmaker / MPI jobs.</li>
      <li>Globus-job-run now works on franklingrid.</li>
      <li>Read up on MPI.</li>
      <li>Run successfully a, "Hello World" job on 4 processors on franklin submitted from off-site via !CondorG.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Ruth.</li>
      <li class="done">Need to contact John M. Thu.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Tried to run a test on franklingrid -- no joy again. Sent some diagnostics to Shreyas.</li>
      <li>Corespondence with Shreyas.</li>
      <li>Tweak email, send out and bcc: to engage list.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/08</dt>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email with Brian regarding problem showing raw XML records in custom query.</li>
      <li>Discussion and tests with Dan on redirect for collector migration.</li>
      <li>Fermigrid meeting.</li>
      <li>Investigations with Shreyas on FQAN problems at NERSC -- turned out to be a site configuration problem: voms-proxy-info required missing expat library. NOT a bug.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>'Phone conversation with Brian and UNL team on local collector.</li>
      <li>IM with Arvind about deactivating gratia-reporting on RSV collector.</li>
      <li>Chat to Dan about fermi collector migration. Test Apache redirection -- still needs work.</li>
      <li>Get FGCAB approval and apply patch to all collectors.</li>
      <li>Probe complaint on fg0x1. Transient communication problem with dcache admin node.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Mine on Gratia security problems. Forward advisory.</li>
      <li>Ask on osg-accounting for anyone running a collector.</li>
      <li>Notify UNL of security problems -- forward advisory and patch.</li>
      <li>Analysis of logs from NERSC indicate that globus isn't filling the FQAN info even though it's seeing the proxy. Maybe the fact that it's a vanilla globus is causing the problem?</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
      <li>Email from Tim Rupp regarding vulnerabilities identified in Gratia services.</li>
      <li>Reply to Arvind -- close RSV collector ticket since servlet problem appears to have been a one-off.</li>
      <li>Problem with patched probe to Shreyas -- fix and re-try.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check reporting of latest test job at NERSC: DN, but no FQAN. Need debug logs.</li>
      <li>Have indications of two probes sending handshakes as "generic" but no way to tell from where unless and until they actually send a record.</li>
      <li>IM from Brian -- local collector seems to be installed and working at Nebraska. Still need to attach one more local cluster, re-route transfer and OSG batch job infor; and install gridftp probes and one more SE transfer probe.</li>
      <li>Change meeting details.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>FGCAB request for installation of third-party Perl packages on gratia06 from DAG repository (required by VO reports).</li>
      <li>Install Perl packages on gratia06 after approval by FGCAB</li>
      <li>Install new VO reports in gratia account on gratia06 and add to crontab.</li>
      <li >Reply to Ruth on OSG VO pilot subgroup.</li>
      <li id="CD">Talk Ruth through attaching pilot role to groups and adding role to person.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/12</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Chat to Dan about page nonsense.</li>
      <li>IM with Arvind on RSV DB issues -- provide queries to diagnose who isn't reporting to the new collector after the DNS switch.</li>
      <li>Correspondence with Jemise / Alicia re Nebraska.</li>
      <li>Travel itinerary from Omega. Still have to work out Limo.</li>
      <li>Reply to Arvind on RSV collector trouble -- needs service bounce.</li>
      <li>Submitted new job to NERSC to identify what we should be looking for in PBS logs that we're missing.</li>
      <li>Talk to Alain about Shreyas' OS problems. Not good news.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Arvind on DB rescue. More hurdles.</li>
      <li>Brief discussion with Dan on what needs to be done for collector migration.</li>
      <li>Close ticket on Remedy - FP interaction.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail to Rob G. about campfire sign-up and permanent ITB collector.</li>
      <li>Sign up to campfire.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Discussion with Steve T. re SAZ review.</li>
      <li id="CD">With Dan: chase down errant Gratia probe messages from cron on osg-ress-2 (Tanya testing gridftp-transfer probe).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/19</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Improvements to VO reports.</li>
      <li>Test and improve RSV probe.</li>
      <li>Wrapper script for RSV probe and send out for comments.</li>
      <li>
      <ul class="todo"><li class="done">Summary of reporting names where applicable.</li>
          <li class="done">Allow config file to specify alternative VO names (not reporting names) for inclusion in reports (eg Engagement, etc)</li>
          <li>Totals per user per reporting name where appropriate.</li>
          <li class="done">Totals for success / failure should only exist when both are there.</li>
          <li>Allow specification of a report for a single reporting name.</li>
      </ul></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate short term fix to SQL problem -- data-writing procedures must operate with INVOKER privileges, not DEFINER. Test.</li>
      <li>Security advisory.</li>
      <li>Chat to Tim Rupp on Grata problems and proposed fixes.</li>
      <li>Email with Arvind on OIM changes for Gratia.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on local jobs and ways forward.</li>
      <li>Email with Brian on OIM changes for Gratia.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Investigate security vulnerabilities flagged by Tim Rupp.</li>
      <li>Arrange to meet Tim Rupp.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/16</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li> !ProbeDetails log messages now indicate record identity to allow easier tracing of generic probe info.</li>
      <li>Fix possible problem with !VONamel precedence logic.</li>
      <li>Reply to Alain on work for VO reports.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Move VO summary report from osg-metrics repository to gratia/reporting/summary.</li>
      <li>Improve !CommonName translations in osg-users.</li>
      <li>Mail to Mine and Alain re requirements for VO summary mail.</li>
      <li>Probes get their version from RPM packaging process, not CVS.</li>
      <li>New function !ExtractCvsRevisionFromFile.</li>
      <li>Fix EGEE probe machinery to extract properly the number of processors from the PBS log. Send patch to Shreyas.</li>
      <li>IM with Brian on Nebraska schedule.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/12</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Quick reply to Mine on report format to address Brian's mailer client problems -- already done.</li>
      <li>Mail to Alain and Mine elaborating on what requirements were satisfied and what were not on the user reports.</li>
      <li>Comment from Mats re VO report email -- would like to see individual email to all users of Engage VO; how to harvest email addreses and store? OIM? Something else (eg get Gratia to collect and store email address)? Privacy concerns.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Finish user reports. Email to Mine</li>
      <li>Comments from Mine: incorporate and improve.</li>
      <li>Take responsibility from Mine and institute weekly and monthly reports.</li>
      <li>Lightning meeting with Philippe re user reports.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with Philippe and Mine on VO managers' ability to put FQAN -> pretty name translations in OIM.</li>
      <li>Work on user reports.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Lightning meeting with Philippe re !ProbeDetails replication and !MetricRecord replication.</li>
      <li>Ascertain version of currently-running RSV collector to allow Philippe to make a patch and re-replicate.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on consequences of and possible alternatives to patching since there is some question over whether they are running a vanilla or already-patched version.</li>
      <li>Reply to Ian S-R on reporting.</li>
      <li>Mail to Arvind with suggestions on how to resolve !DetailsData replication problem from old collector.</li>
      <li>Request from Tanya to incorporate new gridftp-transfer probe into cut for VDT. Do export and cut. Notify Tanya and Alain.</li>
      <li>Answer Alain's questions on gridftp-probe.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on probe version reports.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Mine on VO managers' ability to put FQAN -> pretty name translations in OIM.</li>
      <li>Gratia 1.0 article to Jemise / Marcia.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/12/19</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Effort reporting to Tanya (late).</li>
      <li>Catch up with effort reporting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>D0 grid meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/16</dt>
  <dt>2008/12/15</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Time sheet for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Check in with Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/12</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check in with Ruth.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/11</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Help Alexander Moibenko trace a job through fermigrid.</li>
      <li>Provide estimate to Gabriele of time spent on SAZ review (10h).</li>
      <li>Dept lunch meeting: discussion of article, _[[http://www.paulgraham.com/artistsship.html][The other half of, "Artists Ship"]]_.</li>
      <li>Brief chat to Steve about Alexanders problem and the documentation of how to follow a job from submission through forwarding GKs to identify the worker node.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/10</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Department meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/09</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Dept++ lunch.</li>
      <li>Dr's appt.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/12/08</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Worklog and report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->

-- Main.ChrisGreen - 08 Dec 2008