%META:TOPICINFO{author="ChrisGreen" date="1208184560" format="1.1" reprev="1.11" version="1.11"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_User_Support][User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2008/03/17 - 2008/03/28

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

%RED%<strong>[ Incomplete work log for this period due to hard drive failure and illness. ]</strong>%ENDCOLOR%

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_User_Support">User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/03/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>A week's worth of history files to Mine for splunk.</li>
      <li>Ask Penelope about perl; and testing of role-based with John W; ask John about replicator robustness issues; ask Penelope about picking up some Gratia support -- gratia-operation.</li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Read Eileen's draft OSE presentation.</li>
      <li class="todo">Long discussion of OSE Security Plan requirements on VOs with Eileen; need to send detailed email to fermigrid-discuss.</li>
      <li>Ask for clarification of "services" in OSE.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Catch up on SCIDAC08 emails.</li>
      <li>Talked to Chander about Madison and got form from Alicia.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/03/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussions with John W., Keith C. and Dan Y. over hibernate / DB issues and possible ways forward. Suggestions include a new checksum-version column and saving issues for a second pass. Still need to tweak fill-in of required table entries for hibernate (eg empty XML table entries).</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/24</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="done">Discussion with Paul R. on checksum conversion issues and methods -- check index type is BTREE</li>
      <li>Continue work on checksum conversion -- ready for test on large DB.</li>
      <li>Transactional safety for duplicate handling -- check into RSV branch and build for install on already-converted collectors.</li>
      <li>fermi_itb, fermi_osg, qcd, itb, osg_integration updated to v0.32.1a and restarted. Watching ...</li>
      <li>gratia !DupRecord purged and optimized.</li>
      <li>Overlarge backup moved from gratia06 to =/test/zrm-from-gratia06=.</li>
      <li>Back-ported handling of duplicate software entries in a !ProbeDetails record to RSV branch and tagged v0.32.1b.</li>
      <li>fermi_itb, fermi_osg, qcd, itb, osg_integration updated to v0.32.1b and restarted. Watching ...</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Installed VDT 1.9.0 client to check behavior of VOMS client tools. Should be no trouble, but need to check that Gratia code doesn't pay too much heed to a non-zero exit value from voms-proxy-info.</li>
      <li>Talked to Ted about dCache probes, testing and installation paradigm.</li>
      <li>Talked to John about DB success, and helped with Sourceforge access trouble.</li>
      <li>Read and respond to Greg S.'s problem report on dCache probe packaging -- minor fixes required.</li>
      <li>Address Greg Sharp's comments:
      <ul><li>Fix problem with storage cron script referring to python script by old name.</li>
          <li>!OnlySendInterSiteTransfers put into !ProbeConfig; defaults to true if not present.</li>
          <li>Remove .orig and .bak files created by post.</li>
          <li>Update README file to explain !OnlySendInterSiteTransfers attribute.</li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Work on hibernate exception code for checksum update.</li>
      <li>Investigate problem on osg_integration collector.</li>
      <li>Email to Neha about testing dCache probes.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check progress of DB conversion for gratia DB -- appears to be having bluearc-related trouble.</li>
      <li>Deal with consequences of bluearc trouble.</li>
      <li>Conversion time does not seem to be bluearc related but may be a consequence of converting a large table (!JobUsageRecord_Meta) after the table upon which it depends as a foreign key (JobUsageRecord). May nee to do JobUsageRecord and friends last.</li>
      <li>Get write access to dcache repository from Ted.</li>
      <li>Checked DB again -- finished at 16:40.</li>
      <li>IM and mail with Alain -- added macro to RSV branch to deactivate dCache build (0.32.1-3).</li>
      <li>Completely reorganized dCache probe repository and made that primary for all dCache files except (right now) external python packages.</li>
      <li>Added package-probe script to dCache probe repository to tag and package probe directories for easy insertion into build.</li>
      <li>Re-jigged Gratia dCache areas and build to take properly constructed tarballs from dCache repository.</li>
      <li>Built and sent email about latest dCache probes (0.32.2-1); also rebuilt on fapl009.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2008/03/18</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reported dead fish in the pond in front of the high rise.</li>
      <li>Installed MS updates and (of course) rebooted.</li>
      <li>Report bounced emails from ANL to postmaster.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2008/03/17</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Main.ChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 17 Mar 2008
