%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1507063759" format="1.1" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="ChrisGreenWorkLog"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set WYSIWYG_EXCLUDE = html, variables, calls, pre, comments 
   * Set USERSTYLEURL = %PUBURL%/%WEB%/ChrisGreenWorkLog/worklog-style.css
   * Set LinksTable = <table width="60%"><tr><td>[[#%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support][OSG User Support]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations][Fermigrid Operations]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Gratia][Gratia]]</td><td>[[#%TOPIC%_Other][Other]]</td></tr><tr><td>[[#Top][Top of work log]]</td><td>[[#Bottom][Bottom of work log]]</td></tr></table>
-->

---+!! Chris Green's personal work log for 2009/11/23 - 2009/12/04.

<!-- Day's skeleton
  <dt></dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li></li>
      <li></li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
-->

%STARTINCLUDE%
%EDITTHIS%

<p style="font-weight: bold;">[ Full day vacation 2009/11/24 ]<br/>
[ Thanksgiving Holiday 2009/11/26 - 2009/11/27 ]</p>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_OSG_User_Support">OSG User Support</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="done">Talked to Lee Leuking about LBNE / BNL. Forward emails. Will try to talk to eg Sam Zeller.</li>
      <li class="done">Reply on GPN/OSG question. Need to follow up Monday.</li>
      <li>Review TGYRO emails.</li>
      <li>Reply to Bo on LSST details. Follow-up question on reference testing for optimized code. Checked compression: 65MB -> 15MB, loss-less. Investigate libraries. </li>
      <li>Chat to Chander about TG, Argentina, NERSC.</li>
      <li>Compiles of FFTW3, CFITSIO and LSSTsim on different architectures. Some problems, including strange login trouble to fnpcsrv564. Need to request fortran compilers on machines.</li>
      <li>Follow-up meeting with Ian, Bo and Gabriele. Need to put together idea of where data, execs go, chip parameters, random seeds, etc, etc. Keeping notes of compile problems.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Alberto on latest test news.</li>
      <li>Status update to Abhishek / Marcia in lieu of VO meeting attendance.</li>
      <li class="done">Brief heads-up to Lee L. about LBNE / Engage / BNL. Will send email background.</li>
      <li>Chat to Gabriele to bring him up to date with LSST discussions.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Chat to Tanya about Ian S-R issues.</li>
      <li>Meeting Ian Shipsey face to face and Bo Xin over Skype re LSST. This is an OSG dream:
        <ul>
          <li>Embarrassingly parallel, C-code (not matlab, despite earlier reports).</li>
          <li>Job is to simulate views of the night sky from the annular mirror of LSST accounting for atmospheric propagation of photons from distant galaxies. Each view represents 15s of time with the telescope when it is operational in 2018, and consists of 189 16Mpixel CCD chips at 2 bytes each.</li>
          <li>Aim is to simulate 500 views: 500 * 189 * 2h = 189Kh, ~94.5Kjobs.</li>
          <li>Data output ~30MiB/job uncompressed. Quick checks necessary to ascertain compressibility of individual chunks.</li>
          <li>Chunks to be shipped back home for stitching -- no need for DAG / workflow.</li>
        </ul>
        Looking into inputs required, ways of organizing job groups, etc. Also need to consider library dependencies and how to deal with them.</li>
      <li>Reply to initial email of test progress on SL5 sites.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Talk to Tanya about getting storage for Fly's Eye. List of questions to answer as part of, "official" request for storage.</li>
      <li>Talk to Brian about Fly's Eye plans.</li>
        <ul>
          <li>20TB is available at Omaha or Lincoln. Lincoln less POSIX, more throughput.</li>
          <li>Recommend OSG client install, use Condor local universe to push using lcg-copy or srm-copy.</li>
          <li>Ted has a script to determine correct prefix and to determine which filesystems are mounted locally for job running.</li>
          <li>Pre-staging using DAG. Use OSGMM. Script to move directory to Nebraska.</li> 
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Lunchtime catch-up with Ruth.</li>
      <li>Mail from Alberto with news on progress. Send questions and suggested revisions to scheme. Take SL5 tarball, send to fermigrid OSG_DATA and trigger install on OSGMM.</li>
      <li>Start work on email to Fly's Eye contact.</li>
      <li>Send status report to John M. for production meeting this afternoon.</li>
      <li>Send list of sites with successful SL5 install to Alberto.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Arrange to chat to Gabriele about Trash/Engagement this afternoon.</li>
      <li>Reply to Ian S. about Wed. afternoon.</li>
      <li>Renew Engage certificate. Update grid-init to cope with .p12 certs to avoid have to convert to .pem files since voms-proxy-init supports them now.</li>
      <li>Talk to Abhishek about Geant4. Exchange site list and discovery info for architecture, including scripts from Burt.</li>
      <li>Talk to Gabriele about various Trash/Engagement matters.</li>
      <li>Ping Alberto to try to get things going again. Send latest site list to Alberto.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>More work on Geant4. Work out how to install reference packages for multiple OS / arch. Improve OSGMM install script. Mail to Alberto with status and suggestions for SLC5 handling.</li>
      <li>Reply to Ruth on Geant4 sites.</li>
      <li>Check in with LSST. Suggest 'phone or video meeting next week.</li>
      <li>Mail to Dan _et al._ re production meeting.</li>
      <li>Reply on OSG inquiry re Repast -- sounds good for Engage.</li>
      <li>Reply to Maxim on LBNE -- suggest making subgroup of Engage for now.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>TGYRO 'phone meeting. Advice from Jeff C. on compiling for FF. Should also be able to apply to Purdue / STEELE.</li>
      <li>Apply Jeff's advice: still some trouble with MPI. Pick up with STEELE next week.</li>
      <li>Geant4 investigations. Mail to Alberto asking for more details on how reference area is located.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Fermigrid_Operations">Fermigrid Operations</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Talk to Dan about hardware migration and HA / failover.</li>
      <li>Fermigrid group meeting and status report for Keith.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Chat to Dan about re-imaging VMs or other way to remove now-unnecessary RPMs (tomcat, httpd, jakarta, etc, etc).</li>
      <li>At Neha's request, check into status of osg-transfer collector -- is working OK but has large backlog. New probe was saving records for later -- this is correct behavior.</li>
      <li>Investigate ticket from Ian S-R FP #7733 / Remedy 17858, user apparently not getting mapped correctly. Everything is behaving properly except the user (!) who is submitting grid jobs from the gatekeeper instead of a client. Therefore the GK's schedd is recording the !CondorG client job under the user's real name before shipping the grid job elsewhere. Solution is to not upload jobs tagged as local (!ProbeConfig item) or prevent user login to GK. Took pains to be thorough and nice.</li>
      <li>More correspondence on !UCDavis Condor probe is operating correctly, but something is up with RSV. Bounce back.</li>
      <li>Talk to Ruth about ticket #7782 / Remedy 17526 -- reply on ticket specifically on identified Gratia aspects. Mail Ruth with further details.</li>
      <li>Check correct operation of UCDavis hadoop probe -- OK and now sending to osg-transfer. Close out Remedy-side ticket.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Correspondence on !UCDavis ticket. Ask Dan to remove IP block.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">Chat to Dan about pending items for hardware migration.</li>
      <li>Question from Steve T. regarding Fermilab reporting name table in monthly report. Preliminary reply, but will need to investigate.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li id="CD">IM from Steve about Richard Coleman ticket from when he was ill. Discover requester communications for which I received no notification. Put ticket in for investigation. Discover that this is, "policy" -- assignee must poll tickets to check for requester communications. Hit roof. Probably come down in a week or two. cc: Fermigrid-op.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/25</dt>
  <dt>2009/11/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Check OSG transfer housekeeping catchup.</li>
      <li id="CD">Check in with Steve on gratia02 failure.</li>
      <li>Finalize install of reporting-only install and test. Mail to Dan re gr11xN firewall config, web exceptions, etc. etc.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Gratia">Gratia</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Reply to Sebastien _et al._ on BOINC.</li>
      <li>Question from Brian on probe release details.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Mail to Sebastien with remaining concern on BOINC probe.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Question from Neha about Hibernate use - send example config fragment.</li>
      <li>Disable dCache storage probe for RPM release.</li>
      <li>configure-collector doesn't take -s for SSL config from command line any more -- use presence / absence of ssl_port directive in config.</li>
      <li>Per Philippe, fix typo in name of global var streer__urlencode_records -> want_urlencode_records.</li>
      <li>Test missing default logging parameters for reporting -- works OK. Change default level to INFO from FINEST.</li>
      <li>Handle null DB password.</li>
      <li>Cut 1.06.12. Test. Release. Release notes. Requests to VDT-support for packaging.</li>
      <li>Gratia meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li class="todo">Chat to Philippe -- I need to talk to Karthik about how to upgrade my queries for the reporting to include cores, apparently.</li>
      <li>Chat to Don H. about LQCD reporting -- send URL.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Preliminary investigation of missing reporting-name reports. Looks like I'm not checking the contact lists properly. Need to investigate in more depth and fix.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on record types. Glexec probe to have new !ResourceType, &quot;BatchPilot.&quot; Make changes. Also allow !JobUsageRecordUpdater to fix incoming records. Do *not* fix existing records at this time -- too fiddly.</li>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe on probe security review; forward to Philippe for comment.</li>
      <li>Reply to Ian re queries.</li>
      <li>Help Brian optimize job-level transfer queries for OSG display.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion with Philippe re time zone correction for reporting-only installs. Create context listener for reporting service to do the change instead of relying on the collector service. May still need to recycle self(!) -- test.</li>
      <li>Discussions on BOINC probe with Sebastien _et al._.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%LinksTable%

---+++!! <a name="%TOPIC%_Other">Other</a>
<dl>
  <dt>2009/12/04</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/03</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
      <li>OSG@FNAL meeting to discuss service desk / GOC interface issues.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/02</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Dept meeting. Discussion about service desk issues. Keith to discuss at SCF leaders' meeting.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/12/01</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Work log catch-up.</li>
      <li>Meeting with Keith and Steve about service desk / GOC, etc.</li>
      <li>Chat to Eileen about Ian S-B ticket assignment and general service desk issues.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/30</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Arrange to meet with Keith and Steve over Remedy / OSG. Put together email of talking points.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/25</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Email catch-up, work log, time card.</li>
      <li>Reply to Eileen.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
  <dt>2009/11/23</dt>
  <dd>
    <ul>
      <li>Worklog, time card, email catch-up.</li>
      <li>Bi-weekly report for Gabriele.</li>
      <li>Group meeting.</li>
      <li>Reply to Eileen on Remedy group plans.</li>
    </ul>
  </dd>
</dl>

%STOPINCLUDE%

---++ Topic access settings

   * Set ALLOWTOPICVIEW = Main.ChrisGreen, Trash.MainChrisGreenWorkLogViewersGroup

<!-- Hidden Settings
   * Set ALLOWTOPICCHANGE = Main.ChrisGreen
   * Set ALLOWTOPICRENAME = Main.ChrisGreen
-->
-- Main.ChrisGreen - 23 Nov 2009