%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1229444236" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="EgeeOsgMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tuesday 16 Dec 2008
<ul>
    <li> Date: Tuesday 16 Dec 2008 </li>
    <li> Chair: Burt Holzmann</li>
    <li> Next Meeting: Jan 06, 2008</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Burt Holzmann</li>
    <li>Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>Emanouil Atanassov</li>
    <li>Steve Traylen</li>
</ul>

---++ Review of Action Items

---++ Topics of Discussion
<ul>
    <li> PPS->ITB testing reports
        <ul>
            <li>Maria Durchuva will run reports against the Interop sites and send the results to the list for us to take action.</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Steve asked about the GlueHostProcessor model
        <ul>
            <li>In OSG the information is entered free form by the site administrators</li>
            <li>OSG will follow the EGEE's lead in updating documentation for administrators</li>
            <li>OSG will provide documentation and ask administrators to update their information</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>CREAM CE status
        <ul>
            <li>Condorg interface
                <ul>
                    <li>Development plan:
                        <ul>
                            <li>phase I proof of principle</li>
                            <li>phase II scale up integration</li>
                            <li>phase III follow CREAM CE as it goes from PPS to prod</li>
                        </ul>
                    <li>Currently in phase I - trying to get the ability to submit jobs</li>
                    <li>Phase I is "done", CREAM CE is undergoing architecture changes</li>
                    <li>[[http://hepuser.ucsd.edu/twiki2/bin/view/HEPProjects/CMS-Cream][CMS-CREAM status update page]]</li>
                </ul>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>ITB
        <ul>
            <li>new cycle will kick off soon</li>
            <li>OSG will work to better maintain the persistent ITB sites</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>New GIP release has changes to be current with the "Installed Capacity" working group.
</ul>

Last edit: %SEARCH{".*" nosearch="on" regex="on" scope="title" nototal="no" topic="%TOPIC%" format="$wikiusername on $date"}%