%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1212521571" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="EgeeOsgMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tues 29 Apr 2008

<ul>
    <li>Date - Tue 29 Apr 2008</li>
    <li>Chair - Burt Holzmann</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance

---++ EGEE Items
<ul>
    <li> Are tests being run from OSG/ITB -> EGEE/PPS?
        <ul>
            <li>Not yet, but tests are in development</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li> Are tests being run from EGEE/PPS -> OSG/ITB?
        <ul>
            <li>Emanouil is running tests now</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li> What SAM tests still need to be written on the EGEE/PPS side?
        <ul>
            <li>TBD</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>

---++ OSG Items
<ul>
    <li> Meeting minutes updates 
        <ul>
            <li>Anthony will be posting meeting minutes on the OSG twiki</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li> BDII configuration error </li>
    <li> Nominee to work with John W. for Glue Schema attributes 
        <ul>
            <li>Nick will get a name(s) for John to contact </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>

---++ Platform

---++ AOB

Last edit: %SEARCH{".*" nosearch="on" regex="on" scope="title" nototal="no" topic="%TOPIC%" format="$wikiusername on $date"}%
