%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1225985950" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="EgeeOsgMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!!  OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tue 27 Nov 2007
<ul>
    <li>Date: Tue 27 Nov 2007</li>
    <li>Chair: Burt Holzmann</li>
</ul>

%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>CERN: Antonio Retico, Nicholas Thackray, Andreas Unterkircher</li>
    <li>FNAL: Burt holzmann</li>
    <li>Interop Platform: Emanouil Atanassov, Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>CMS: Andrea Sciaba' </li>
</ul>

---++ Review of Action Items
Comments from the review of tasks

    * ID:xxx - 

---++ EGEE Items
<ul>
    <li>Web - Antonio has set up a web space at <a href="https://www.cern.ch/grid-interop/egee-osg/default.aspx">https://www.cern.ch/grid-interop/egee-osg/default.aspx</a>. Use your NICE account to login and see his e-mail of 26 Nov for details - Proposed content:
        <ul>
            <li>Announcements from CIC (Antonio)</li>
            <li>Current layout of interop platform (Emanouil)</li>
            <li>gLite client distribution (Andreas)</li>
            <li>Current layout of OSG "permanent" ITB (Tony)</li>
            <li>Information flow diagram (Tony/Burt)</li>
            <li>Past agreements of group (on shared environment, etc.) (Burt)</li>
            <li>Link to Registration of a VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo in OSG</li>
            <li>Link to SAM tests</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>gLite client<br>
      Andreas has successfully installed gLite on CMS-BURT-ITB. He will try running some executables next. Tony will send the list of "permanent" ITB sites to the mailing list to give Andreas some more data points
    </li>

---++ OSG Items
<ul>
    <li>
Open questions - Are there plans in gLite to support submission to GT4 (WS-GRAM) in addition to GT2 (pre-WS GRAM)? [note: after the meeting an e-mail from Andrea Sciaba indicated the answer is currently no]
    </li>
</ul>

---++ Platform
<ul>
    <li>CE VO - Antun and Emanouil are discussing the path forward -- whether to register the existing VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo in OSG or to create a new VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo which runs a subset of applications.</li>
    <li>OPS VO - Emanouil was concerned that his dual membership in dteam and ops would cause him to get mismapped; this would be an operational issue for OSG and we should solve it. Antonio has not seen any problems. - Tony and Burt have applied for membership some time ago but have not yet been approved. Antonio will follow up with the OPS VirtualOrganizations/VOInfo manager. </li>
</ul>

---++ AOB

---+++ Appendix
Documents sent for discussion<br>
<pre>
-----Original Message-----

From: owner-osg-egee-interop@opensciencegrid.org [mailto:owner-osg-egee-interop@opensciencegrid.org] On Behalf Of Antonio Retico
Sent: Tuesday, November 27, 2007 2:38 PM
To: osg-egee-interop@fnal.gov
Cc: Burt Holzman

Hi,

I would like to raise a point for discussion:

-- Interop collaboration web site

As I announced during last meeting, I've spent some time setting-up a web site
to be used as an information share point for our collaboration.
https://www.cern.ch/grid-interop/egee-osg/default.aspx

Without caring too much for aspects like look/feel/political correctness of
logos etc., I've tried and give a structure to all the useful information I
could find in the archives of the e-mail list. With some exceptions.

The website, based on the Microsoft SharePoint application, cointans some
(very few) descriptive pages, a task list, a calendar (the meetings I could
remember as significant are in), a worklog.

I inserted on behalf of Burt a (draft) document in the OSG collection
describing the minimal environment guaranteed to jobs running at OSG sites
(Just becauase I retrieved it)

The web page dedicated to the interop* platform is actually a complete child
web site with exactly the same structure. I have deliberatley avoided a
strong customisation, because I would let Emanouil set it up as he prefers.
Of course I have got some suggestions ready and I am happy to share them
with him.

All the current members of this mailing list have been inserted in the ACL
as "Power Users", meaning that they can create new entries in the lists on
the web site (tasks, calendar items, action items in the worklog),
create/destroy pages and eventually alter the structure of the site
Maybe that once the structure will reach its final shape, the extension of
this privilege can be reviewed.

I suggest to try and use the website as a working and communication tool,
paying not excessive attention to the display, but taking real care of its
content.

I have deliberately left the task list empty and I hope we will be able to
start inserting tasks for everyone during the meeting. Its periodical review
could be a permanent item in the agenda for our bi-weekly meetings. 
If I can start a draft list for discussion I'd say

1) Find a way to feeds the "announcements" list in the web page with news
coming from CIC Portal and addressed to OSG --> Antonio

2) Describe the current layout of the interop platform --> Emanouil

3) Design a page to show the client distribution mechanisms --> Andreas

4) ... (welcome)

Thanks for your feedback and contributions

Ciao

Antonio
</pre>

Last edit: %SEARCH{".*" nosearch="on" regex="on" scope="title" nototal="no" topic="%TOPIC%" format="$wikiusername on $date"}%