%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1229446036" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="EgeeOsgMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tue 11 Dec 2007
<ul>
    <li>Date: Tue 11 Dec 2007</li>
    <li>Chair: Burt Holzmann</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>CERN: Antonio Retico, Nicholas Thackray, Andreas Unterkircher</li>
    <li>FNAL: Burt holzmann</li>
    <li>Interop Platform: Emanouil Atanassov, Antun Balaz, Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>CMS: Andrea Sciaba' </li>
</ul>

---++ Review of Action Items
Comments from the review of tasks
<ul>
    <li>ID:xxx - </li>
</ul>

---++ EGEE Items

The <a href="https://espace.cern.ch/grid-interop/egee-osg/default.aspx">EGEE-OSG Interop site</a>:<br>
<ul>
    <li>Antonio has added: meeting minutes, link to VO reg page</li>
    <li>CIC portal now integrated with the web space. The integration of news coming from the CIC portal was tested but it will be completed only once the feeds will start being available (release of CICportal planned for the 12th of December </li>
    <li>List of tasks now on web space </li>
    <li>General objective of certifying the latest gLite release by 23 Jan. </li>
</ul>
<br>
Tony will follow up from the OSG side to make sure we can test against the desired gLite UI and WMS combination.

---++ OSG Items
<ul>
    <li>Upcoming OSG review will have a few slides on the interop effort with a focus on maintaining effort over the long term (order of 5 yr). Burt welcomes ideas and objectives and will circulate some slides for the next (virtual) meeting.</li>
</ul>

---++ Platform
<ul>
    <li>Support/Operations Questions - What is needed for a "VO Support Center" on the OSG? This can be as simple as a mailing list, this is the OSG GOC's point of contact if there is an issue with a VO or with a resource provided by the VO. - How does a user report a problem with a misconfigured (production) OSG site? - GGUS and the OSG GOC are peers -- reporting an OSG problem to the GGUS will have it forwarded to the OSG GOC and then the responsible OSG Support Center</li>
    <li>OSG VO registration page unavailable for Emanouil and Antun. Tony will investigate and follow-up (there was a transient failure over the weekend, it may have been down for everyone...)</li>
    <li>Some ITB sites are in production BDII, a clear error. Tony will track these down.</li>
</ul>
---++ AOB 

Last edit: %SEARCH{".*" nosearch="on" regex="on" scope="title" nototal="no" topic="%TOPIC%" format="$wikiusername on $date"}%