%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1235493045" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="EgeeOsgMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-EGEE Coordination Meeting Minutes Tuesday 27 Jan 2009
<ul>
    <li> Date: Tuesday 27 Jan 2009</li>
    <li> Next Meeting: Tue 10 Feb 2009</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Burt Holzman</li>
    <li>Steve Traylen</li>
    <li>Nick Thackray</li>
</ul>

---++ Topics of Discussion
   * CREAM CE proxy renewal:
      * needs to be fixed with 1000s of ports
      * Steve: LWMS would match it anyway and try and submit GRAM to it
      * Condor-g submission will be in place before rollout
  
   * Installed Capacity working group
      * send document to list

   * VOMS pilot in production now
  
   * Emanouil
      * page about firewall requirements for CE and SE
      * small difference on SRM, Burt will send to Emanouil
      * vdt-version

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 24 Feb 2009
