%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1300483002" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 18 Mar 2011
<ul>
    <li> Date: Friday 18 March 2011</li>
    <li> Next Meeting:  Friday 15 April 2011</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>John Gordon</li>
    <li>Maarten Litmaath</li>
</ul>

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ Information Systems
   * GIP - LSF bug fixed - Release imminent
   * CREAM support in GIP release after the LSF bug fix release

---+++ Computing/Storage
   * CREAM Client - Additional thanks for the client as it has helped tremendously with debugging CREAM CE access

   * Some OSG Sites want EGI interoperability, but not necessarily WLCG interoperability.  Will this cause problems?
      * It should not.  Only sites that are WLCG sites or WLCG related sites will be checked and/or monitored

   * Operational services interoperability
      * Received list of services from Maarten - Thank you!

---+++ Authorization Services
   * VOMS Admin/VOMRS
      * WLCG would like to get rid of VOMRS once all required features are in VOMS Admin
      * I will bring up the request for a plan to remove support for any VOMS Admin server version less than 2.5

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 18 Mar 2011