%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1318949355" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 16 Sep 2011
<ul>
    <li> Date: Friday 16 Sep 2011</li>
    <li> Next Meeting:  Friday 21 October 2011</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>Maarten Litmaath</li>
    <li>Cristina Aiftimiei</li>
    <li>Lorenzo Dini</li>
    <li>Dave Cowley</li>
</ul>

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ Computing/Storage services 
   * VDT/OSG moving to RPM based packaging of software.  Alain Roy from VDT attended to discuss the up coming change
      * pacman will be updated only for security updates for at least a year
      * 1st pass only rpm format for SL5 variants
      * SL6 variants likely the next platform to be supported
      * goal: shipping a large part of the vdt in rpm format by December
         * want to take Globus from EPEL, but unusable due to various issues
         * VDT in contact with Matias but want better communication to ensure that everyone is on the same "wavelength"
   * Once the RPM based CE is released to testing Anthony Tiradani will setup a test instance and request that Maarten send some test jobs through.  This will test both the new CE and the new wn-client.

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 16 Sep 2011