%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1305908855" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 15 Apr 2011
<ul>
    <li> Date: Friday 15 April 2011</li>
    <li> Next Meeting:  Friday 20 May 2011</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>Maarten Litmaath</li>
    <li>Rob Quick</li>
</ul>

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ Information Systems
   * Rob and team in discussions with David - good for understanding transition to new SAM DB and schema
      * few minor action items for OSG but no major items that would cause operations problems
      * update of the probe format
         * new version coming soon so, we will wait
         * probably requires RSV translation
      * continue collaborating on MyOSG and MyLCG
         * not actual code, but at an idea level
   * Waiting for IS Officer to determine the direction for top level BDIIs
      * Plan for regional Top Level BDIIs is on hold since Flavia is transitioning
      * Plan for semi static BDII also on hold for same reason

---+++ Computing/Storage
   * Worker Node Client - No plans for a change that would affect OSG - WLCG interoperability

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 20 May 2011