%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1312214017" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%

---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 15 Jul 2011
<ul>
    <li> Date: Friday 15 Jul 2011</li>
    <li> Next Meeting:  Friday 16 September 2011</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>Maarten Litmaath</li>
    <li>Scott Tiege</li>
</ul>

---++ Topics of Discussion

---++ NOTE:
   * There will be no meeting in August since the WLCG participants will be on Holiday

---+++ Information Systems / Accounting
   * Bdii v5 working and stable
      * passed the "Igor load test"

---+++ Computing/Storage services 
   * glexec
      * debugging will have to be site-by-site
      * should be deployed at all Tier-1's, but may not be at all Tier-2's
   * voms.fnal.gov cert
      * FTS (SL4), gliteWMS (SL4) both need the actual certificate if any proxy
        generated by voms.fnal.gov is going to work
      * and service deployed for SL5 should *not* have that problem

---+++ Miscellaneous
   * WLCG workshop
      * relationship between WLCG and EMI/EGI being tweaked and formalized
      * data movement and handling a big topic
   * Technology Evolution Group
      * investigating multi-user pilot jobs
      * working with middleware software
      * has unintentionally put a brake on further deployment of glexec
   * ATLAS (Rob Gardner) has requested that we revive the interoperability
     testbed.  He has offered Panda queues to target WLCG worker nodes, and CE's
     that run the pre-release software in WLCG for testing.


-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 01 Aug 2011