%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1289947303" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Tuesday 16 Nov 2010
<ul>
    <li> Date: Tuesday 16 November 2010</li>
    <li> Next Meeting: TBD</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>Alberto Di Meglio</li>
    <li>Balesh ??</li>
    <li>Burt Holzman</li>
    <li>Maarten Litmaath</li>
</ul>

---++ Topics of Discussion
Scope of Activity
   * Five areas of interoperability 
      * Accounting
      * Computing/Storage (Clouds, VMS)
      * Information Systems
      * Security Infrastructure
      * Monitoring

What are the concrete deliverables for this effort?
   * Place to put requests
   * Testing platforms/activities
   * Reports on activities via twiki pages and meeting minutes

Who are the right people to attend this meeting?
   * Maarten will find out who should have this activity as part of their agenda on the WLCG side.

Bullet points for next meeting(s):
   * Information Systems
      * Cease Glue 1 publishing?  (See Stephen Burke's CHEP slides)
      * Tool support for Glue 1 information going forward
      * proposed evolution of the Information Systems (See Laurence's CHEP slides)
   * Computing/Storage
      * Share proposed technical plans
      * CREAM CE
   * Accounting
      * New APEL
   * Misc
      * "messaging" - what services will be impacted
   * Security Infrastructure
      * Authorization

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 16 Nov 2010