%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1358528073" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 18 Jan 2013
<ul>
    <li> Date: Friday 18 Jan 2013</li>
    <li> Next Meeting:  Friday 15 February 2013</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
   * Anthony Tiradani
   * Maarten Litmaath
   * Rob Gardner

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ SHA-2
   * BestMan nearly ready
   * Brian's patch to jGlobus2 for support of legacy (SHA1 proxies) has been accepted, so dCache should be fine in the next release

---+++ DigiCert transition
   * CMS
      * no blockers
      * but CMS users advised to get CERN certificates
   * ATLAS
      * need patch to GridSite
      * John Hover testing discovered problem accessing LFC service using multiple delegated proxy
         * not a problem for ordinary users
         * production users use CERN certs
         * will pursue separately

---+++ VOMRS removal
   * no objections
   * CERN DB must be updated carefully and properly to preserve the current DN associations stored in VOMRS

---+++ XRootD data federation
   * looking into how the infrastructure groups can/need to support various services
   * potential interop issues regarding DigiCert certificates
   * known problem with VO auth based on roles
   * Should continue to discuss this topic here to consider potential interoperability problems

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 18 Jan 2013
