%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1305909482" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 20 May 2011
<ul>
    <li> Date: Friday 20 May 2011</li>
    <li> Next Meeting:  Friday 24 June 2011</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
<ul>
    <li>Anthony Tiradani</li>
    <li>Maarten Litmaath</li>
    <li>Brian Bockelman</li>
</ul>

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ Information Systems / Accounting
   * OSG creates an normalization constant from information in the BDII that is based on a *per core* basis, while accounting wants it to be *per slot*.  Atlas has asked for modifications to the numbers because they use hyper-threading.
      * Brian B. will send a proposal to Anthony
      * Maarten L. will send a list of additional people that should see the proposal
      * Anthony T. will ensure that the proposal is sent to the list.

   * BDII upgrade will proceed next week
      * Some known differences still exist, but work arounds exist for those
      * Some sites may have problems because new BDII has stricter schema checks - solution is to advertise correct information
      * Maarten L. will devote more time for debugging a couple of non-blocking issues

---+++ Authorization Services
   * glexec upgrade from 0.6.x to 0.8 in OSG needed
      * CMS has issued a formal request for this upgrade
   * VOMS Admin/VOMRS
      * Want to obsolete any VOMS Admin server version less than 2.5.5
      * OSG security officer notified.  The security officer will follow up.

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 20 May 2011