%META:TOPICINFO{author="AnthonyTiradani" date="1344981457" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="OSGWLCGMeetingMinutes"}%
---+!! OSG-WLCG Interoperability Meeting Minutes Friday 20 Jul 2012
<ul>
    <li> Date: Friday 20 July 2012</li>
    <li> Next Meeting:  Friday 17 August 2012</li>
</ul>
%TOC%

---++ Attendance
   * Anthony Tiradani
   * Maarten Litmaath

---++ Topics of Discussion

---+++ New GDB Chairperson
   * trying to be more proactive
   * with move towards decentralized software development and packaging post-EMI,
   * interop will be more important

---+++ Glue 2.0
   * EMI hired someone to follow up in WLCG - Steven Burke
   * GDB Presentations
   * waiting on MB meeting for OSG discussion

---+++ EMI 2 was released
   * but WMS was not included
   * subsequently Condor updates not released
   * looking at a several month lead time now

---+++ SAM/Hammercloud
   * gliteWMS being phased out there as well

---+++ FTS 3
   * upgrade starting before shutdown?
      * Not likely
   * Does FTS 3 support GLUE 1.3 or just GLUE 2?

-- Main.AnthonyTiradani - 14 Aug 2012
