%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1317830660" format="1.1" version="1.20"}%
%LINKCSS%

<!-- This is the default OSG documentation template. Please modify it in -->
<!-- the sections indicated to create your topic.                        --> 

<!-- By default the title is the WikiWord used to create this topic. If  -->
<!-- you want to modify it to something more meaningful, just replace    -->
<!-- %TOPIC% below with i.e "My Topic".                                  -->

---+!! %SPACEOUT{ "%TOPIC%" }%
%TOC%

*Note: The documents on this page were working documents for the Workshop.  Updated versions of the Documentation Alignment Initiative,  that include results of the workshop are in the [[http://osg-docdb.opensciencegrid.org/cgi-bin/ShowDocument?docid=861][OSG Document Database]].*




%BOTTOMMATTER%

-- Main.KyleGross - 24 Jun 2009

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.doc][Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.doc]]: Documentation Study

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.pdf][Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.pdf]]: Documentation Study (pdf)

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Detailed_Feedback_from_Interviews.pdf][Detailed_Feedback_from_Interviews.pdf]]: Detailed Interview Comments
  
   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Workshop.ppt][Workshop.ppt]]: Workshop Slides

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Improvements.ppt][Improvements.ppt]]: Improvement List for Teams

     * [[%ATTACHURL%/documentation_improvements.doc][documentation_improvements.doc]]: Documentation improvements mentioned this morning

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Improvements-Priorities.ppt][Improvements-Priorities.ppt]]: Improvement / Priority Table

   
---++ Comment Section

%COMMENT%
   * qwdflkjqweklfjqwer
 -- Main.KyleGross - 25 Jun 2009 - 19:33
   * This is a comment. -- Main.KyleGross - 25 Jun 2009 - 18:11

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Improvements-Priorities-review.ppt][Improvements-Priorities-review.ppt]]: review/incentive breakout

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Improvements-Priorities-Group1.ppt][Improvements-Priorities-Group1.ppt]]: Group 1 improvements

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/WBS_Worksheet.xls][WBS_Worksheet.xls]]: Worksheet for Implementation Planning

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/WBS_Worksheet-Part2.xls][WBS_Worksheet-Part2.xls]]: WBS_Worksheet-Part2.xls

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/1.9.1_WBS_Worksheet.xls][1.9.1_WBS_Worksheet.xls]]: WBS Item 1.9.1 - Group One Worksheet

   * [[%ATTACHURL%/Survey_Results.pdf][Survey_Results.pdf]]: Workshop Survey Results

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.doc" attachment="Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.doc" attr="" comment="Documentation Study" date="1245869288" path="Documentation Alignment Initiative-v03.doc" size="488960" stream="Documentation Alignment Initiative-v03.doc" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12639" user="JamesWeichel" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.pdf" attachment="Documentation_Alignment_Initiative-v03.pdf" attr="" comment="Documentation Study (pdf)" date="1245869363" path="Documentation Alignment Initiative-v03.pdf" size="742017" stream="Documentation Alignment Initiative-v03.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12598" user="JamesWeichel" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Detailed_Feedback_from_Interviews.pdf" attachment="Detailed_Feedback_from_Interviews.pdf" attr="" comment="Detailed Interview Comments" date="1245869417" path="Detailed Feedback from Interviews.pdf" size="191796" stream="Detailed Feedback from Interviews.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12598" user="JamesWeichel" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="WBS_Worksheet.xls" attachment="WBS_Worksheet.xls" attr="" comment="Worksheet for Implementation Planning" date="1246031068" path="WBS Worksheet.xls" size="23040" stream="WBS Worksheet.xls" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp16350" user="JamesWeichel" version="3"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Improvements-Priorities.ppt" attachment="Improvements-Priorities.ppt" attr="" comment="Improvement / Priority Table" date="1245952580" path="Improvements-Priorities.ppt" size="144384" stream="Improvements-Priorities.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp17642" user="JamesWeichel" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Workshop.ppt" attachment="Workshop.ppt" attr="" comment="Workshop Slides" date="1245969526" path="Workshop.ppt" size="595968" stream="Workshop.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp16202" user="JamesWeichel" version="2"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Improvements.ppt" attachment="Improvements.ppt" attr="" comment="Improvement List for Teams" date="1245951782" path="Improvements.ppt" size="52224" stream="Improvements.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12886" user="JamesWeichel" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="documentation_improvements.doc" attachment="documentation_improvements.doc" attr="" comment="Documentation improvement ideas discussed this morning" date="1245952362" path="C:\Documents and Settings\asz\My Documents\OSG\documentation_improvements.doc" size="25088" stream="C:\Documents and Settings\asz\My Documents\OSG\documentation_improvements.doc" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp31038" user="AnnZimmerman" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Improvements-Priorities-review.ppt" attachment="Improvements-Priorities-review.ppt" attr="" comment="review/incentive breakout" date="1245959144" path="Improvements-Priorities-review.ppt" size="201216" stream="Improvements-Priorities-review.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp15324" user="MarcoMambelli" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Improvements-Priorities-Group1.ppt" attachment="Improvements-Priorities-Group1.ppt" attr="" comment="Group 1 improvements" date="1245959931" path="Improvements-Priorities-Group1.ppt" size="180224" stream="Improvements-Priorities-Group1.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8939" user="RobGardner" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Group_2.ppt" attachment="Group_2.ppt" attr="" comment="" date="1245960372" path="Group_2.ppt" size="205824" stream="Group_2.ppt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp8901" user="KyleGross" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="WBS_Worksheet-Part2.xls" attachment="WBS_Worksheet-Part2.xls" attr="" comment="" date="1246035241" path="WBS_Worksheet-Part2.xls" size="20480" stream="WBS_Worksheet-Part2.xls" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp15682" user="AlinaBejan" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="wbs-doc-meeting-part2.txt" attachment="wbs-doc-meeting-part2.txt" attr="" comment="" date="1246035285" path="wbs-doc-meeting-part2.txt" size="741" stream="wbs-doc-meeting-part2.txt" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp15699" user="AlinaBejan" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="1.9.1_WBS_Worksheet.xls" attachment="1.9.1_WBS_Worksheet.xls" attr="" comment="WBS Item 1.9.1 - Group One Worksheet" date="1246035744" path="1.9.1_WBS_Worksheet.xls" size="35328" stream="1.9.1_WBS_Worksheet.xls" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12401" user="MarciaTeckenbrock" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Survey_Results.pdf" attachment="Survey_Results.pdf" attr="" comment="Workshop Survey Results" date="1247681194" path="Survey Results.pdf" size="216918" stream="Survey Results.pdf" tmpFilename="/usr/tmp/CGItemp12946" user="JamesWeichel" version="1"}%
%META:TOPICMOVED{by="JamesWeichel" date="1317830660" from="Documentation.DocTeamMeeting" to="Documentation/DocumentationTeam.DocTeamMeeting"}%
