%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1317334269" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
---+ OSG Documentation Meeting
 
---++ Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday September 30, 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 01:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 8402687 |

---++ Attendees

   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.KyleGross
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.TerrenceMartin

---+++ Not Attending
---++ Agenda
   * Ownership status - [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam/WebHome#PeopleResponsible][People Responsible]]
   * Temp Document Moves to Release3 - Where should Software team documents reside?  E.g.
      * [[Documentation.Release3.YumRepositories][Install the OSG repos]] ([[Documentation.InstallVDTRepo][OLD VERSION]])
      * [[Documentation.VDTRPMBuildBox][Install a Build Box]]
      * [[Documentation.VDTRPMBatlabBuild][How to Build with the Build and Test Lab]]
      * [[Documentation/Release3.VDTRPMFilePaths][Answers to: Where are these files?]]
      * [[Documentation.CreateVOClient][How to create the VO Client RPM]]
      * [[https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/RPMCAs][Policy and strategies for CA certificate handling]]
      * [[Documentation.KojiWorkflow][Koji Workflow]]
      * [[Documentation.RepositoryManagement][Repository Management]]
      * [[Documentation.BuildingGlobus][Notes on Building Globus]]
      * [[Documentation.RPMTestingInfrastructureNotes][Infrastructure notes for automated testing of RPMs]]
   * How will setup.sh work with RPMs?
   * Planning for [[Documentation/DocumentationTeam.RPMDocFest][RPMDocFest]]

-- Main.JamesWeichel - 28 Sep 2009

%META:TOPICMOVED{by="JamesWeichel" date="1317229055" from="Documentation.MeetingInfo20110930" to="Documentation/DocumentationTeam.MeetingInfo20110930"}%
