%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1259959039" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  <nop>%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday December 8, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 10:00 am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 3333 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.KyleGross Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.MarcoMambelli, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel
---++++Regrets


---++ Agenda/%BLUE%Notes%ENDCOLOR%

---+++1. Review of Open Items
   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established (new css file is loaded in test TWiki) - Comments on: [[https://twiki-itb.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Main/TestingPageJim][TestPage]]
   1 Any ideas for Rating Pages?  The TWiki peer plugin is out of date and will not work in the current TWiki release.

---+++2. Documentation
   1 Discuss the tools Robert has created for managing the documentation process and how to get these under GOC control
   1 Robert will edit ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone to incorporate his comments (and Tanya's HDFS -> NFS) which were discussed at a previous meeting.
   1 Update on Storage structure - Tanya
   1 T3 Documentation update - Marco
   1 Status of Documentation Review - Jim is reviewing all documentation (like he did for Storage) to produce a TWiki page listing the documents for each area with comments and a proposed disposition for review by the area owner.

---+++3. Next Steps



-- Main.JamesWeichel - 02 Dec 2009