%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dRobert_20Engel_20392994" date="1295038702" format="1.1" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Jan 14, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.SuchandraThapa


---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.DouglasStrain
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---++ Agenda

   * Work plan for week 01/17/2011 -> 01/21/2011

      * General ( Robert )
         * continue work on navigation, needed for sessions on the AHM
         * start implementing Leftbar on twiki-test
         * support documentation work
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
           * sent out reminders regarding work on documentation that was distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
           * support work on the 5 CE documents
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
           * work on GUMS and VOMS documentation
           * begin coordinating glidein documentation
           * sent top10 list of use cases during session at the AHM to Robert for work on navigation
      * Security ( James )
           * support work on document that is reviewed by Steven Timm (AboutAuthorizationForCE)
           * start following document standards more closely ('About this Document', 'Comments', Table of Contents Layout, References)
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
           * work on TheGOC, VOPackageReleases
           * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
      * VO ( Terrence Martin )
          * work on GUMS installation document with Marco as reviewer


-- Main.RobertEngel - 14 Jan 2011