%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dTanya_20Levshina_20508821" date="1295885436" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Oct 29, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.DouglasStrain
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
 
---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.TanyaLevshina ( vacation )
   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.MarcoMambelli ( vacation )
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.AlainRoy

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * General ( Robert )
         * Terrence is joining as documentation area coordinator for the VO area
         * Iwona is leaving the OSG 10/31/10
         * sent concerns regarding reduced project staff to executive team 
         * updare WorkerNodeClient, discuss changes with Marco and Iwona
         * update PacmanBestPractices, discuss changes with Alain
         * update ComputeElementInstall
         * discuss ManagedFork with Steven
         * use the Twiki for real world tasks testing, more integrated testing will be required
         * do document triage of all documents, adjust =DOC_AREA=, =DOC_ROLE= and =DOC_TYPE= in some cases
         * delete a number of empty documents
         * remove some documents from doc management system
         * work on navigation: Documentation/DocumentationTeam.Navigation
         * my Twiki privileges have been restored by the Operation's team
      * Compute Element ( Iwona )
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
        * All documents updated to meet document conventions
        * 2 documents (BDII / RSV  validation pages) being revised in places based on advice from Scott and area experts
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
         * Ted is leaving OSG Storage , so I will be the only representative for now
         * Currently we have 41 documents under content management:
            * 34 documents have been released (Thank you all!!!)
            * 7 documents are in various stages ( 4 left in purpose due to changes in code ):
               1. [[ReleaseDocumentation.Bestman][BeStMan-fullmode]] - is reviewed and tested , now I am working with Robert to make it a "template" for all Storage related Installation Guides.
               1. [[ReleaseDocumentation.BestmanOnCE][BeStMan on same node as CE]] - is reviewed and is currently being tested by Poonam (originally was assigned to Iwona)
               1. [[ReleaseDocumentation.CEMonGIPonSE][CEMon/GIP installation on SE]] - is modified after Suchandra initial review, waiting for his approval of changes. Do not get any response from assigned tester. The software has been successfully installed on Atlas site.
               1. [[ReleaseDocumentation/ValidateRSVStorage][RSV Storage Probes Validation]],[[Storage.SRMTester][SRM Tester]], [[Trash.StorageSrmTesterProbe][Srm Tester RSV probes]] will not be changed until RSV is released.
               1. [[Storage.Toolkit][Community Toolkit]] - will not be changed until we have Abhishek's replacement. 
         *  There are several Hadoop documents that should be moved back under content management , we will not change these documents until we have Abhishek's replacement. 
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
         * done except for one document
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )
         * security issues delayed work
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * VO ( Terrence Martin )

-- Main.RobertEngel - 27 Oct 2010