%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dTanya_20Levshina_20508821" date="1295640834" format="1.1" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+ Meeting Information

---++ Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Jan 21, 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.JamesBarlow


---++ Not Attending

   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.DouglasStrain
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---+ Status Reports for week 01/12/2011 -> 01/21/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * update Rob, Ruth and Suchandra on status of project via e-mail
      * attend Storage and ITB Telecon
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation, use twiki-test to start implementing various LeftBars
      * work on [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]]
      * didn't receive input from Marco regarding sessions during the AHM meeting
      * ask Elizabeth for access to all CSS styles on twiki-test
   * Compute Element and Integration ( Suchandra )
      * sent out reminders regarding work on documentation that was distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
      * support work on the 5 CE documents:
         * Steve Timm: [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]]
         * Karthik: [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]]
         * Horst: [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]]
         * Scott: [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]]
         * Suchandra: [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]]
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * Released 
         * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/Bestman
      * Doug has submitted the !RSVPigeon document for review, Tanya has reviewed it, Doug is working on modification: 
         * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools  
      * Sent email to Suchandra and Anthony Tiradani asking about config.ini and "vo_allowed" and "mount_path" configuration 


   * User Documentation ( Brian )
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]] as reviewer
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide]] as reviewer
      * begin coordinating glidein documentation
      * sent top10 list of use cases during session at the AHM to Robert for work on navigation
   * Security ( James )
      * support work on [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] that is reviewed by Steven Timm
      * start following document standards more closely ('About this Document', 'Comments', Table of Contents Layout, References)
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * work on 2 documents (plus one bonus document):
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - Finished editing, but only submitted it to my (potential) reviewers today. I realized early in the week that it required a great deal more revision than I had thought, so to keep my promise of two released documents last week...
         * [[Operations/GettingResourceDataMyOSG]] - I revised and submitted this for reviewing and testing. Iwona was gracious enough to review/test it for me, and we were able to release it
         * [[Operations/VOPackageReleases]] - I revised this to be a little more explanatory and GOC agreed that it was ready for release.
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      * work on 1 document with Marco as reviewer:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Work Plan for week 01/24/2011 -> 01/28/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * Continue work on active documents and finish up the edit/review process on these documents next week
   * Integration ( Suchandra )
   * Storage ( Tanya )
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
   * Security ( James )
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * Enact any adjustments resulting from reviews of [[Operations/TheGOC]] and release
      * Revise [[Operations/TicketExpectations]] and submit for review, hopefully release it.
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )

---+ Agenda

   * on documentation of hybrid CE/SE setup and mount points in config.ini
      * Tanya reported the problem via e-mail to osg-docs and during the Storage Telecon
      * Robert asked Suchandra to look into the issue or find best person to address this issue to
   * Dan is planning to add HTPC options to the CE-install and User documents
      * input required from Brian, Dan and Derek
-- Main.RobertEngel - 21 Jan 2011