%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobertEngel" date="1269635806" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
-- Main.RobertEngel - 24 Mar 2010


---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday March 26, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 0326 |


---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.MarcoMambelli

---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.MineAltunay

---++ Agenda

   * Recommended reading:
      * <a href="http://www.amazon.com/Dont-Make-Me-Think-Usability/dp/0321344758/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1269621530&sr=8-1">Steve Krug: "Don't make me think!"</a>
      * <a href="http://www.amazon.com/Writing-Well-30th-Anniversary-Nonfiction/dp/0060891548/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1269621575&sr=1-1">William Zinsser "On Writing Well"</a>

   * status reports for document areas:
      * general ( Robert )
         * worked on graphics templates
         * rewrote site planning guide
         * reviewed BeforeInstallation CE instructions
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
         * update CE Element documents with Iwona
         * all documents in Compute Element have the HTML comment
         * some documents missing the HTML comment in Integration
      * Storage ( Ted )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
         * almost all docs with HTML comment
         * documents not reviewed yet
         * requests navigation pages
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
         * almost all docs with HTML comment
         * working on content
         * few reviews
      * Security ( James )

   * Discussion: How to handle the overlap in OSG and VDT documentation ( Alain )?
      * auto-generated documentation for VDT tools?
         * links will work just fine
      * auto-generated documentation based on meta information ( cache content )?
         * links will work just fine
      * VDT specific documentation that overlaps with OSG documentation?
         * good VOMS documentation in the VDT  is only overlap
      * Brian and Alain suggest that linking to good external documentation is fine

   * Discussion: How is the document process working for everyone?
      * follow up on discussion between Jim, Ted, Iwona and Robert
      * Ted suggested a more rigid process
      * Iwona wants a more flexible process

   * Discussion: How to provide and create graphics for the Twiki (Robert)?
      * available tools (OOD, Powerpoint, Keynote, Gimp, Inkscape. Brian suggests Omnigraffle ($199), 
      * document templates in svn and or on Twiki? Suchandra prefers web location.
      * which graphics format to use? (png, gif, jpg)
    
   * Proposals for next week by each team member
      * remember deadline for HTML comment next Friday!
      * everyone attending agreed to finish to include HTML comments
      * Suchandra and Marco will start asking users to review documents
      * Alain will review SitePlanningGuide after Robert finishes it.