%META:TOPICINFO{author="DerekWeitzel" date="1278701970" format="1.1" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Jul 9, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 0514 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel

---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.JamesBarlow
<del>   * Main.ElizabethChism
</del><ins>   * Main.ElizabethChism ( out sick )
</ins>   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.AbhishekSinghRana
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * general ( Robert )
         * fix bugs in https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ClientInstallationGuide
<del>         * work on: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CESoftWare ( needs config file locations and links to configurations )
</del><ins>         * work on: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/CESoftWare
</ins>      * Compute Element and Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Derek, Brian )
         * Reviewed and Released
            * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/CondorSubmittingMultipleJobs
            * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/CondorSubmittingMultipleComplexJobs 
         * Need to respond to review
            * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/UsingWorkerNodeClient
            * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/FindAvailableResource
         * Need Reviews
            * (Marco) https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/ClientInstallationGuide
            * (James) https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/GetAccessToGrid
            * (Greg Thain) https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/HighThroughputParallelComputing
               * Started discussion with Dan Fraser about replacing Greg.
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )
      * VO ( Abhishek )

   * Glossary
      * CeMON
      * ManagedFork
      



<del>-- Main.RobertEngel - 09 Jul 2010</del>-- Main.RobertEngel - 09 Jul 2010