%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476804100" format="1.1" version="1.10"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Nov 19, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---+++ Attendees
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.TerrenceMartin

---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.DouglasStrain
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.AlainRoy

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
         * Deleted several documents
         * Contacting document owners in regards to documentation improvement
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
         * Just 1 document left, awaiting response from Tony about BDII document
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
         * New storage group member just joined
            * Will be looking at hadoop documentation and testing current instructions
            * Some documents not under content management but will be working on restructuring
         * Currently updating document
         * Almost done with RSV documents
            * Need to rewrite some documents so remaining work will take some time
         * Need to update Bestman documents
         * Need to compare Bestman documents with Trash/Tier3 documentation and possibly combine the two
         * Won't be able to get much work done before Brazil school 
            
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
         *  Trash/Tier3.Tier3Help modified and follow up with reviewer
         *  Trash/Tier3.XrootdClient follow up with reviewer and tester
         *  edited ReleaseDocumentation.WorkerNodeClient, email to Tanya and Alain about CA/Condor special requirements, waiting reply to email Steve Tim, needs a new tester (was Iwona)
         * (cont the above) improved ReleaseDocumentation.CaCertificatesInstall after email exchange with Steve Tim and Alain about the configuration of legacy software (indirectly affects ReleaseDocumentation.WorkerNodeClient - ready to be released)
         * Trash.Trash/Tier3DocBestPracticesWarningsAndNotes touch base with RobertEngel that is supposed to incorporate it in the main Trash.Trash/Tier3DocBestPracticesWarningsAndNotes document. At the end I did the changes myself. Coordinated with Jim Weichel. Asked Kyle to fix the ReleaseDocumentation.WebPreferences (that are referring to the Trash/Trash/Integration version of the document). Notified Suchandra to remove the version in Integration.
      * Security ( James )
         * Three more documents were released this week.  This leaves two documents left for review.  The two documents are in relation to grid certificates and we are looking to see if we should just merge the information into other existing documents.  Many of the documents have now gone through testing.  There are the above 2 docs left for review and 2 docs left for testing.  Anand should be able to get the testing done first thing next week.
         * I made changes to the [[ReleaseDocumentation/HelpProcedure][Help Procedure]] document for pointers to the Incident handling procedures.
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * VO ( Terrence Martin )

---++ Updates
   * Storage update (Tanya)
      * New storage group member just joined
         * Will be looking at hadoop documentation and testing current instructions
         * Some documents not under content management but will be working on restructuring
         * Currently updating document
         * Almost done with RSV documents
            * Need to rewrite some documents so remaining work will take some time
         * Need to update Bestman documents
         * Need to compare Bestman documents with Trash/Tier3 documentation and possibly combine the two
         * Won't be able to get much work done before Brazil school 
   * Tier 3 (Marco)
      * Update documentation
      * Worked on docs best practices notes 
         * Two versions: one in release web, another in integration web
            * Both needed since they're being included in various pages
      * Reviewing and testing VOMS documentation 
   * Security (Jim)
      * Two documents left for reviewing
         * May just be included in other pages
      * Two documents need testing
         * Hope testing should be done next week
   * VO (Terrence)
      * Going through documents and reviewing changes
      * GUMS pages need owner, Suchandra will contact Alain and find out the GUMS developer to see if he or she can become owner of GUMS pages
      * Steven reviewing some pages to see if they're still validate and to see if owners and reviewers are appropriate
      * Ruth checked off on two documents


-- Main.RobertEngel - 10 Nov 2010