%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1255449267" format="1.1" reprev="1.7" version="1.7"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ *Documentation Alignment Meeting at UC*
---++  <nop>%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Wednesday October 14, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 9:00 am - 4:00 pm Central |
| <b>Loc</b> | UC Searle Chemistry Lab, 5735 S. Ellis., Room 201 -> move to Conf room |

---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.RobGardner, Main.MarcoMambelli, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel
---++ Agenda
---++++1. Confirm Documentation Alignment Scope - 9:00 - 9:30
   * Includes [[Documentation/WebHome][Documentation Web]] and [[ReleaseDocumentation/WebHome][ReleaseDocumentation Web]] and [[http://www.opensciencegrid.org]]
   * [[Education/WebHome][Education Web]]
   * Does not include OSG !DocDB or any other repository

---++++2. Review/Discussion of TWiki Plans - 9:30 - 10:30
   * Security Logins Certs
   * Transition Issues (Use new docs as they are produced)
   * Broken Links (From VO pages into our TWiki at twiki.grid.iu.edu)
   * url -> twiki-docs.grid.iu.edu
   * Separate documentation tree for each major release - issue: updates into previous versions
   * New capabilities
      * Clear hierarchical heading levels, note formatting  
      * Improved commenting
      * Document rating/collection of ratings
      * More extensive use of current tracking mechanisms (e.g. email to reviewer with change of REVFLAG)
      * Search (not really new, just clearer)

---++++<center> Break 10:30-10:45</center>

---++++3. Review/Discussion of Draft Responsibilities - 10:45 - 11:45
   * OwnerResponsibilities
   * ReviewerResponsibilities
   * TesterResponsibilities 

---++++<center>Lunch 11:45-12:45</center>

---++++4. Review/Discussion of Proposed Processes - 12:45 - 2:00
   *  Draft DocProcess

---++++5. Review/Discussion of Install Document Content  - 2:00 - 2:45
   * InstallDocContent 
   * Example Install Document ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone

---++++<center>Break 2:45-3:00</center>

---++++6. Discuss/Choose next install documents to improve - 3:00 - 3:15
   * Storage system !BeStMan/? maybe focused on small site/T3
   * Condor install guide for T3
   * Client install
   * CE Install restructure

---++++7. Establish Priority of Documentation Areas - 3:15 - 4:00
   * Identify document types that need standards
   * Any existing standards that we must follow - orange?
   * Assign priorities to sections in [[Documentation/WebHome][Documentation Web]]


%COMMENT%

-- Main.JamesWeichel - 09 Oct 2009
