%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dRobert_20Engel_20392994" date="1296498909" format="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+ Meeting Information
 
---++ Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Feb 02, 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---++ Attendees


---++ Not Attending

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.JamesWeichel

---+ Status Reports for week 01/31/2011 -> 02/04/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation and CSS on twiki-docteam
      * develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco's hands-on sessions
      * contact Jim, Tim and Marco to discuss possibility of simple usability test at AHM 2011       
      * work on 3 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - awaiting review by Horst and release by Suchandra
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - support Samir and Steve
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall]] - review
      * follow up on [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9849][ticket 9849]]
      * follow up on meeting of the operations team, join meeting on Elizabeth's request
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * support work on 8 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - Suchandra works with Karthik to release document, support Samir and Steve to add content
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - Robert and Horst prepare document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Horst reviews section 'Define Globus Port Ranges'
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Suchandra works with Tony and Tanya to finish GIP section
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]] - Suchandra reviews document for following document standards
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]] - Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV]] - to be reviewed by Scott
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations]] - to be reviewed by Horst
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - to be tested by Suchandra, sent results to Tanya
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 3 documents:
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - prepare for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] no progress - Tanya supports Marco (tester) and Suchandra (reviewer) to release document
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - continue work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM, prepare for release
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * standing item: find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
      * standing item: contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort
      * standing item: ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 1 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] test and sent results to Tanya
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic, in progress
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 0 document:
      * follow document standards on remaining 3 documents
      * check section 'References' on each document, make sure documents cross reference each other for improved usability
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * attend Operations meeting to discuss documentation
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team, sent list to Robert
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - support reviewer, prepare for release (input from Rob required)
         * [[Operations/TicketProcedures]] - continue work on document, prepare for review
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      * standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]


---+ Work Plan for week 02/07/2011 -> 02/11/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation and CSS on twiki-docteam
      * develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco's hands-on sessions
      * contact Jim, Tim and Marco to discuss possibility of simple usability test at AHM 2011       
      * work on 3 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - awaiting review by Horst and release by Suchandra
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - support Samir and Steve
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall]] - review
      * follow up on [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9849][ticket 9849]]
      * follow up on meeting of the operations team, join meeting on Elizabeth's request
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * support work on 8 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] - Suchandra works with Karthik to release document, support Samir and Steve to add content
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] - Robert and Horst prepare document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Horst reviews section 'Define Globus Port Ranges'
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] - Suchandra works with Tony and Tanya to finish GIP section
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]] - Suchandra reviews document for following document standards
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]] - Suchandra prepares document for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV]] - to be reviewed by Scott
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HardwareRecommendations]] - to be reviewed by Horst
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - to be tested by Suchandra, sent results to Tanya
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 3 documents:
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - prepare for release
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] no progress - Tanya supports Marco (tester) and Suchandra (reviewer) to release document
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - continue work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM, prepare for release
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * standing item: find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
      * standing item: contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort
      * standing item: ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 1 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] test and sent results to Tanya
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic, in progress
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 0 document:
      * follow document standards on remaining 3 documents
      * check section 'References' on each document, make sure documents cross reference each other for improved usability
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * attend Operations meeting to discuss documentation
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team, sent list to Robert
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] - support reviewer, prepare for release (input from Rob required)
         * [[Operations/TicketProcedures]] - continue work on document, prepare for review
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      * standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]



---+ Agenda

   * Alan S. suggests to provide real world examples:
      * for hardware at [[ReleaseDocumentation/SitePlanning]]
      * for settings at [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]]

-- Main.RobertEngel - 31 Jan 2011