%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1258142339" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  <nop>%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday November 17, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 11:00 am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 2222 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.RobertEngel, Main.KyleGross Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.MarcoMambelli, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel
---++++Regrets


---++ Agenda/%BLUE%Notes%ENDCOLOR%

---+++1. Review of Items from Last Meeting
   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established - Robert/Jim
   1 Testing TWiki plugin to meet feature needs - See TechnologyUsed for a list of features and proposed technology.  See [[https://twiki-itb.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/PluginGallery][PluginGallery]] for examples. - Robert/Kyle
   1 Complete analysis and then a proposal for Storage Documentation that can be reviewed - Tanya/Jim
   1 Tanya will review the remaining documents in StorageDocReview.  See Agenda item 3.
   1 Robert will edit ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone to incorporate his comments (and Tanya's HDFS -> NFS) which were discussed at this meeting.
   1 Tanya will send mail to Alain and Suchandra to resolve the naming of gridftp vs. gsiftp.

---+++2. Separation of Documents under Development from Production Documents
   * Discuss current technique of ITB team and what is needed for the Documentation Alignment.

---+++3. Storage System Documentation
   * The organizational view suggests we should focus specific documentation for:
      * Small VO (i.e. University)
      * CMS T3
      * ATLAS T3
   * Discussion of current storage documents in ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome.   See StorageDocReview. 
   * Discussion of the current storage documents within the storage team area.  (Hadoop documents are being created there now.)  See StorageDocReview#StorageTeam

---+++4. Next Steps
   1 Need to get TWiki skins and standard formatting for TWiki headings established - Robert/Jim
   1 Testing TWiki plugin to meet feature needs - See TechnologyUsed for a list of features and proposed technology - Robert/Kyle
   1 Complete analysis and then a proposal for Storage Documentation that can be reviewed - Tanya/Jim 
   1 Tanya will review the remaining documents in StorageDocReview.


-- Main.JamesWeichel - 13 Nov 2009
