%META:TOPICINFO{author="KyleGross" date="1476285020" format="1.1" version="1.6"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+ *OSG Documentation Meeting*
---++  <nop>%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Tuesday October 6, 2009 |
| <b>Time</b> | 10:00 am Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 3123 |


---+++ Attendees
Main.BrianBockelman, Main.RobertEngel, Main.TanyaLevshina, Main.IwonaSakrejda, Main.SuchandraThapa, Main.JamesWeichel
---++ Agenda
---++++1. Review/Discussion of ReleaseDocumentation.DocInstallTemplate
Any additional improvements before we send it for a wider review?

---++++2. Review/Discussion of application of these for ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone
Review document - Any areas that need improvement?

---++++3. Next Steps
   1. What is recommended procedure if there is a problem in installation?
   1. Robert/Jim to draft a document on owner responsibilities
   1. Robert/Jim to draft a process for planning, creating, reviewing, and evaluating documentation
   1. Meeting with Gardner and Trash/Trash/Integration team on above next week

---++ Last Week's Agenda/Meeting Notes
---++++1. Review/Discussion of InstallDocContentRequirements
This looks good.  Like the fact it is short.  We might want to reorder the needs in some priority order.  It will be more comprehensible to writers after we have some documents in the new format.

---++++2. Review/Discussion of ReleaseDocumentation.DocInstallTemplate
%NOTE% The sections with blue font are ones we need to discuss.
   1. Put Software version and Engineering Considerations as subsections of the introductions - make them stand out but take less space.
   1. Put Checklist before First Time Install
   1. Remove Fresh Install and Update
   1. Change File Locations to Debugging and put in info to help users debug a problem (things to check, log files to review, etc.)
   1. Move the Standard approach if you need help earlier in the document - we need to write that page

---++++3. Review/Discussion of application of these for ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone
   1. Tanya will email Iwona comments
   1. Jim will talk to Iwona with his questions


---++++4. Next steps
   1. Meet weekly on Tuesday at 10:00-11:00 CT.  Jim will schedule.
   1. Jim will update ReleaseDocumentation.DocInstallTemplate
   1. Iwona will update ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone
   1. Jim & Tanya will meet next week to discuss the organization and content of Storage area documentation 




-- Main.JamesWeichel - 06 Oct 2009