%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486495156" format="1.1" reprev="1.4" version="1.4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Oct 22, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
 
---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.IwonaSakrejda (schedule conflict)
   * Main.SuchandraThapa (traveling)
   * Main.MarcoMambelli (traveling)
   * Main.BrianBockelman (traveling)
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * General ( Robert )
         * Iwona is leaving the OSG 10/31/10
         * sent concerns regarding reduced project staff to executive team 
         * updare Trash.ReleaseDocumentationWorkerNodeClient, discuss changes with Marco and Iwona
         * update Trash.ReleaseDocumentationPacmanBestPractices, discuss changes with Alain
         * update Trash.ReleaseDocumentationComputeElementInstall
         * discuss Trash.ReleaseDocumentationManagedFork with Steven
         * use the Twiki for real world tasks testing, more integrated testing will be required
         * do document triage of all documents, adjust =DOC_AREA=, =DOC_ROLE= and =DOC_TYPE= in some cases
         * delete a number of empty documents
         * remove some documents from doc management system
         * work on navigation
         * Kyle removed my admin privileges 
      * Compute Element ( Iwona )
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * VO

-- Main.RobertEngel - 22 Oct 2010
