%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobertEngel" date="1275589517" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
-- Main.RobertEngel - 03 Jun 2010

---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Jun 4, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 0514 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel

---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.RobQ
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.AbhishekSinghRana
   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.AlainRoy

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * general ( Robert )
         * join Storage, VO and ITB telecon to discuss documentation issues
         * create dynamic document queue: https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Documentation/DocumentationTeam/DocQueue
         * Tanya: What is review status of https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/SitePlanning ?
         * debugging Twiki performance and queries on home pages; no new updates from Soichi
         * write small status table for end user for released documents; still to be done
         * include if test or review was done by reviewer and tester as suggested by Marco in the document status table; still to be done
      * Compute Element and Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )
   * Status of Monitoring Information in the Twiki and location for RSV documentation?
      * Into what area coordinators responsibility should this fall?
      * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/MonitoringInformation/WebHome
      * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/MonitoringInformation/RSV
      * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/InstallAndConfigureRSV
      * https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/MonitoringInformation/InstallAndConfigureRsvAdvanced
   * Proposals for next week by each team member
