%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1272048783" format="1.1" reprev="1.2" version="1.2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
-- Main.RobertEngel - 22 Apr 2010


---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday April 23, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 0423 |


---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda

---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.TedHesselroth
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.BrianBockelman

---++ Agenda


   * status reports for document areas:
      * general ( Robert )
      * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )

   * Robert: proposal on work plan till July 1st?

   * Jim: status on review and tester page and writing recommendations
      * Added ReleaseDocumentation.DocWriterAdvice that captures Roberts points from last week.
      * Completed documents designed for each Role
         * ReleaseDocumentation.DocForOwners
         * ReleaseDocumentation.DocForReviewers
         * ReleaseDocumentation.DocForTesters
      * Linked to these at beginning of ReleaseDocumentation.DocHowTo which has now become the documentation reference document.
      * Final thing to do before another review is to improve the process diagram.
    
   * Proposals for next week by each team member
