%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobertEngel" date="1280507978" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Jul 30, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 0514 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
 
---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.AbhishekSinghRana
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * general ( Robert )
         * report on OSG Staff Retreat
         * increase effort from Documentation Area Coordinators to 1/10 FTE ( 1 day a week )
         * move Twiki to dedicated hardware by November 2010
         * spent more time on training for Documentation Area Coordinators
         * include documentation work in WBS of participating parties ( increase spending from 5% to 10% )
         * Miron said, that we need better feedback mechanisms ( Google Analytic, Annotation )
         * I will suggest Tim Cartwright to work with us on Annotation
      * Compute Element and Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Derek, Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )
      * VO ( Abhishek )


-- Main.RobertEngel - 30 Jul 2010
