%META:TOPICINFO{author="X509_2fDC_3dorg_2fDC_3ddoegrids_2fOU_3dPeople_2fCN_3dRobert_20Engel_20392994" date="1296242162" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
%TOC%

---+ Meeting Information

---++ Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Jan 28, 2011 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---++ Attendees


---++ Not Attending

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.TerrenceMartin
   * Main.JamesWeichel

---+ Status Reports for week 01/24/2011 -> 01/28/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * move content for navigation from twiki-test to twiki-docteam, inform Rob that twiki-test can be retired
      * continue work on navigation, no CSS changes
      * check where the CE configuration is documented, sent result to Suchandra and Tanya ([[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall#Storage_Information]])
      * contact Jim Weichel and Tim Cartwright to discuss questionnaire ( difficult to develop, perhaps a small usability test with a few users is the better idea )
      * develop draft for questionnaire at AHM 2010 to be given to users during Marco's hands-on sessions ( see above )
      * work on 2 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] support Horst and prepare for release, waiting on Suchandra to address GLOBUS_TCP_PORTRANGE issue.
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementInstall]] address GLOBUS_TCP_PORT_RANGE and link [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] as reference.
      * discuss [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]] on osg-sites, ask for support from Samir and Steve
      * find and include [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementPostInstall]] in doc system
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * create list of 5 new documents to be distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
      * sent list of documents to Robert before ITB meeting
      * support work on the 5 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] support Jim (owner) and Steve (tester)
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]], table of log files needs to be updated by Karthik
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]], Horst and Robert are working to release it by Thursday
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]], Scott is waiting on Alain, Suchandra will contact Alain and see what the issues are
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]], Suchandra will prepare document for release by Thursday
      * check where the configuration of GLOBUS_TCP_PORTRANGE is documented, sent result to Robert and Horst in order to update [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]]
      * check where mount-point option is documented on the Twiki, provide example to Tanya, work with Tanya to resolve the issue
      * check where HTPC documentation for system administrators fits nicely into the current CE documentation, sent result to Brian and Dan
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 4 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools]] - finish modification and testing ( Doug, Neha)
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - revew, testing (Tanya, Neha)
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - need help to find tester
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - review and work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * find good place for HTPC user documentation
      * find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
      * contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort ( once Suchandra recommended location for HTPC documentation for system administrators )
      * ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]] review and sent results to Terrence
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide]] review and sent results to Terrence
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 1 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] implement reviewer (Steve) comments, prepare for release
      * finish following document standards on remaining documents
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team
      * sent list of documents to Robert
      * check which twiki Robert is supposed to used for testing / implementing navigation, sent result to Robert by Monday
      * make sure Robert has access to relevant Twiki style sheets on that twiki, sent location of style sheets to Robert by Monday
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] support reviewer, prepare for release
         * [[Operations/TicketExpectations]] revise, submit for review, prepare for release
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Work Plan for week 01/31/2011 -> 02/04/2011

   * General ( Robert )
      * support document owners, reviewers and testers working on documentation
      * continue work on navigation
      * develop draft for questionnaire, sent result to Marco, Jim and Tim
       * work on 1 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]] support Horst and prepare for release
   * Compute Element ( Suchandra )
      * create list of 5 new documents to be distributed to the ITB team on Thursday
      * sent list of documents to Robert before ITB meeting
      * support work on the 5 CE documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] support Jim (owner) and Steve (tester)
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/TroubleshootingComputeElement]], table of log files needs to be updated by Karthik
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]], Horst and Robert are working to release it by Thursday
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/EnvironmentVariables]], Scott is waiting on Alain, Suchandra will contact Alain and see what the issues are
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CondorBatchSystemHints]], Suchandra will prepare document for release by Thursday
      * check where the configuration of GLOBUS_TCP_PORTRANGE is documented, sent result to Robert and Horst in order to update [[ReleaseDocumentation/ComputeElementFirewalls]]
      * check where mount-point option is documented on the Twiki, provide example to Tanya, work with Tanya to resolve the issue
      * check where HTPC documentation for system administrators fits nicely into the current CE documentation, sent result to Brian and Dan
   * Storage ( Tanya )
      * work on 4 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/RSVPigeonTools]] - finish modification and testing ( Doug, Neha)
         * [[MonitoringInformation/RSV33StorageProbes]] - revew, testing (Tanya, Neha)
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/CEMonGIPonSE]] - need help to find tester
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstallationHandsOn]] - review and work on Hands-On-Hadoop for OSG AHM
   * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * busy till end of January
      * find good place for HTPC user documentation
      * find good place for glidein-wms user documentation, provide location to Marco
      * contact Dan Fraser regarding Dan Fraser HTPC effort ( once Suchandra recommended location for HTPC documentation for system administrators )
      * ask Dan Fraser when effort will start and who is working on the documents
   * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]] review and sent results to Terrence
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/VomsInstallGuide]] review and sent results to Terrence
      * test job submission using Glide-In in order to start user documentation on the topic
      * support Robert and Jim working on questionnaire
      * find good place for user documentation on glidein-wms, supported by Brian
   * Security ( James )
      * work on 1 document:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/AboutAuthorizationForCE]] implement reviewer (Steve) comments, prepare for release
      * finish following document standards on remaining documents
   * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * create list of 3 documents to be distributed to the Operations team
      * sent list of documents to Robert
      * check which twiki Robert is supposed to used for testing / implementing navigation, sent result to Robert by Monday
      * make sure Robert has access to relevant Twiki style sheets on that twiki, sent location of style sheets to Robert by Monday
      * work on 2 documents:
         * [[Operations/TheGOC]] support reviewer, prepare for release
         * [[Operations/TicketExpectations]] revise, submit for review, prepare for release
      * support Iwona who is volunteering to work on VO documentation
   * VO ( Terrence Martin )
      standing item:
         * [[ReleaseDocumentation/InstallConfigureAndManageGUMS]]

---+ Agenda

   * on documentation of hybrid CE/SE setup and mount points in config.ini
   * planning HTPC options to the CE-install and User documents
   * problems logging into the Twiki reported by several users, status of [[https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/viewer?id=9849][ticket 9849]].

-- Main.RobertEngel - 28 Jan 2011
