%META:TOPICINFO{author="RobertEngel" date="1286564861" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Oct 8, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 866-740-1260 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 9030201 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
 
---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.ElizabethChism
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * general ( Robert )
         * review WBS-1.8 for past year
         * areas for improvement are navigation and collaborative ratings
         * Abhisheck resigned from the OSG
         * review, test and edit documents mainly in CE Area
         * work with Tanya on %BESTMAN%-Gateway/xrootd documentation
         * create possibility to search for documents that include another document (DocFind)
      * Compute Element ( Iwona )
      * Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )
      * Operations ( Elizabeth )
      * VO

   * Proposal
      * work with each area coordinator for a complete cycle of one document typical for documents in this area
      * improve that document to become a practical example complementing the template it is based on
      * ask each documentation area coordinator for suggestion

   * What to do about old documentation with dependencies onto new documents?
   * Anything else?


-- Main.RobertEngel - 08 Oct 2010
