%META:TOPICINFO{author="BrianBockelman" date="1486493549" format="1.1" reprev="1.3" version="1.3"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+++ Meeting Coordinates

| <b>Date</b> | Friday Jul 16, 2010 |
| <b>Time</b> | 02:00 PM Central |
| <b>Telephone Number</b> | 510-665-5437 |
| <b>Teleconference ID<b> | 0514 |

---+++ Attendees

   * Main.RobertEngel
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.SuchandraThapa
   * Main.MarcoMambelli
   * Main.DerekWeitzel
   * Main.JamesWeichel
   * Main.ElizabethChism
 
---+++ Not Attending

   * Main.IwonaSakrejda
   * Main.JamesBarlow
   * Main.BrianBockelman
   * Main.AbhishekSinghRana
   * Main.AlainRoy
   * Main.TanyaLevshina
   * Main.TedHesselroth

---++ Agenda

   * status reports for document areas
      * general ( Robert )
         * no telecon next week July 23
         * prepare content of presentation for OSG staff retreat next week, recommend to:
            * continue documentation effort in OSGY5
            * fix responsibility gap for content providers
            * increase effort from documentation area coordinators to sustained 10%
            * keep using Twiki, but upgrade to dedicated hardware
         * minor bug fixes in ClientInstallGuide, tested by Britta Daudert
         * sent requested information to Dave Dykstra (Trash.ReleaseDocumentationGlexecInstall)
         * review: ComputeElementFirewalls
         * review: ComputeElementLogFiles
         * finish editing: Trash.ReleaseDocumentationCESoftWare
         * contact owners of documents with failed reviews to include suggested changes to documents 
      * Compute Element and Integration ( Suchandra )
      * Storage ( Ted, Tanya )
      * User Documentation ( Derek, Brian )
      * Tier3 ( Marco )
      * Security ( James )
      * VO ( Abhishek )

   * Status of included pages?
      * UserCESimpleTest <-> CESimpleTest

-- Main.RobertEngel - 16 Jul 2010
