%META:TOPICINFO{author="JamesWeichel" date="1264607530" format="1.1" version="1.16"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
---+!! *<nop>%SPACEOUT{%TOPIC%}%*
---++ *List of Work Items*
The following table lists work items for the team.
| *Sort* | *Item* | *Owner(s)* | *Date* | *Status/Notes* |
| 10 | *Establish the structure of documents and document location * ||||
| 12 | - OSG Architecture | Ruth/Robert | 2010/03/20 | OSG team working |
| 14 | - Create Install Document Template | Jim | 2009/11/15 %Y% | Complete: DocInstallTemplate |
| 16 | - Create first Install document in new format | Iwona/Tanya/Robert | 2009/11/15 %Y% | Complete: ReleaseDocumentation.GsiFtpStandAlone |
| 18 | - Establish format of documentation TWiki (skins, headings) | Kyle | 2009/12/10 | Complete: |
| 19 | - Add CSS class for file to produce yellow (FFFCC) background screen boxes with <class="file"> | Kyle | 2010/01/15 %Y% | Complete: 2010/01/26 |
| 20 | *Create Documentation Process* ||||
| 22 | - Document Documentation Process | Robert | 2010/01/21 | Draft DocProcess |
| 24 | - Owner, Reviewer, Tester Responsibilities, DocHowTo Document | Jim | 2010/01/21 | Drafts: DocOwnerResponsibilities DocReviewerResponsibilities DocTesterResponsibilities - Make these just the responsibilities without the how to.  The DocHowTo document would contain the detail on state management and doc formatting rules, etc. |
| 28 | - Generate listing of existing documents (like done for StorageDocReview) | Jim | 2009/12/18 %Y% | Complete |
| 30 | - Add ROLE (allow multiple separated by ,) and AREA and DOCTYPE to document variables | Robert | 2010/01/29 | Initial Roles are: !EndUser, !SysAdmin, !VOMgr.  Initial Types are: !DocHowToCss, Install, Planning, Information, Trouble, Training, Navigation |
| 32 | - Define Templates for each DOCTYPE | Jim | 2010/01/21 | Decided to do this after Workshop as a joint task of some of the area owners. General recommendations in the DocHowTo document could cover the document types for which we don't have Templates.) |
| 34 | - Update state names and check for invalid states in the process | Robert | 2010/03/01 | See MeetingInfo20091123 |
| 36 | - Determine how to isolate documents under development from production docs | Jim | 2009/11/30 %Y% | Complete 11/20. Policy listed in MeetingInfo20091117 & Updated on 1/8 in DocReleaseProcess |
| 38 | - Set up tables to track document status for every user| Robert | 2010/01/29 | Created software to produce table and progress bar chart - Need to add weighting to document states instead of linear scale by state. |
| 39 | - Status table for Area owners | Robert | 2010/01/29 | Create TWiki Variable(s) that will generate tables for Area Owners, Owners, Reviewers, Testers.  Includes Item 42. |
| 40 | - Develop method to flag all documents with comments in the Owners table | Robert | 2010/01/29 | |
| 42 | - Put document table in TWiki Users home page | Robert | 2009/12/15 | Subsumed by 39. |
| 44 | - Get email notification working based on page changes (like adding a comment) | Kyle | 2010/01/15 | Complete on Test TWiki 2010/01/26 |
| 60 | *Migrate documents to new process* ||||
| 62 | - Make comments/suggestions (email) on T3 Web page | Robert | 2009/12/02 %Y% | Jim reviewed documents available in early December.  Will need to schedule review meeting with Dan, Marco, Rob when documents are near completion (Feb?) |
| 64 | - Create a !DocHowToCss page for the Review Process that describes use of the state variables in the documents | Robert | 2009/12/04 |  |
| 68 | - Update ReleaseDocumentation.FormattingRules for new process variables | Robert | 2010/01/25 |  |
| 70 | - Migrate documents to new process | Area & Doc Owners |  | Add the process variables at the beginning of all documents in !ReleaseDocumentation and Documentation Webs.  Update: 1. Type, 2. Area  3. User 4. Owner (from bottom of current documents) 5. Reviewer (from bottom of current documents) 6. Add a comment block at the bottom of each 7. Remove current RESPONSIBLE and REVIEWER variables |
| 72 | - Get all code to Operations repository | Kyle/Robert | 2010/03/01 | |
| 80 | *Prepare for Documentation Improvement Workshop Feb. 9-10* ||||
| 81 | - Develop list of possible attendees at a Documentation Workshop in Feb | Jim | 2009/12/10 %Y% | Complete: 2009/12/22 |
| 82 | - Schedule Meeting Facilities | Jim | 2010/01/15 %Y% | Complete: 2010/01/25 |
| 84 | - Develop Meeting Plan | Jim | 2010/01/15 %Y% | Complete: 2010/01/22 |
| 86 | - Prepare package for each area's documents based on Triage | Jim | 2010/01/20 %Y% | Complete: 2010/01/20 |
| 88 | - Send out Meeting Notice and Instructions | Jim | 2010/01/20 | Agenda, Identify a few docs to work on (or organization or the area), Include check of ability to edit TWiki |
| 92 | - Create workshop presentations | Jim/Robert/Kyle | 2010/02/01 | |
| 93 | - Create Twiki Variable for actions required during the release process | Robert | 2010/01/29 | |

---++ *List of Issues/Questions to Resolve*
The following table lists issues that have been discovered or mentioned in various forums.
| *Issue* | *Contact* | *Date* | *Owner(s)* | *Status/Notes* |
| How can we mark/track pages that need updates?  E.g. Those that need VORS references updated? | Elizabeth Chism | 2009/11/16 | | Elizabeth suggested a TWiki Page that lists pages that need updating.  We will do this by changing the document state to cause an update.  In the case of something like VORS, we can do a search for documents that mention it and use that as the list or (preferably) change their state to cause an update by owners. |
| Do we have documentation to tell a site what has to be done to add support for a new VO? | Peter Doherty | 2009/11/19 | | Peter will send email with info he has assembled |
| Why do you have to enter your TWiki id and password twice to edit a page? | Horst Severini | 2009/11/19 %Y% | Kyle | Resolved: 2010/01/05.  Reported at the 2010/01/14 VO meeting. |
| Is the procedure for getting a TWiki account clear.  E.g. do you have to have an OIM account first? | Horst Severini | 2009/11/19 %Y% | Jim | Resolved: Yes, you now must be in OIM to get a TWiki Account and the Registration page informs you of that.  Reported at the 2010/01/14 VO meeting. |
| Web Statistics are Needed | Jim | 2010/02/01 | Arvind | Set up automatic, monthly, statistics gathering for ReleaseDocumentation.WebHome (see TWiki.TWikiDocumentation#WebStatistics_site_statistics) Ticket #8033 |
---++ *Comments*
%COMMENT{type="tableappend"}%

%RESPONSIBLE% Main.JamesWeichel %BR%

-- Main.JamesWeichel - 05 Nov 2009